Help I feel guilty
No Family
Is my abuse normal? Does your abuser do horrible things one day but is good to you for a month or more in between? How do I get away?
Helping Domestic Violence Survivors Around Thanksgiving
Is Stockholm syndrome real?
Wife Choked Me (Husband). What Should I Do?
I'm in a horrible situation
Just a Sound
I cant stop re-living this day.
Dv survivor needing a little help
Escaping Domestic Abuse In Florida
Am I wrong
I was told to post here from another sub
I finally left him
What are the laws when it comes to getting the abuser off the lease in an apartment where we both are on the lease?
Young family falling apart
Am I overreacting or is this DV?
Just reported my abusive older brother that threatened to kill me multiple times. Hopefully I make it through this.
Apartment neighbors - will they target me?
Advice after domestic assault.
Looking for some advice
Michael Avenatti arrested on domestic violence charges
Mom tried to kill my friend when she was a baby and treats her really bad
I just need some emotional support...
I just want the memories to stop
Can someone help me understand how you can love someone that beats you?
After leaving, my family & friends are helping him harass me.
A abuse case
Broke up with her yesterday, need help knowing where her mind is.
I don’t feel safe
Trauma memories
Have you ever watched a sibling be with someone so horrible? What can you do?
Is there anyway to report to someone other than police?
Am I the abuser?
I feel like I’m going crazy, being gas lighted, I know what’s true but I still doubt myself.
Feeling lonely
How bad advice can be confusing for a DV survivor
Therapy & children
I don’t really know
Am I seriously relapsing right now...
Just a good read. As a survivor of #domesticviolence in the past with the technology we have nowadays it's basically impossible to escape these types of situations.
Where is the line between "violence" and just being moderately obnoxious?
Was this physical abuse?
She keeps hitting me. Just deserve better
What is the Statue of Limitations on dometic Violence in Colorado? Misdemeanor and Felony?
Abused becoming abusers
Did he start abusing me because he fell out of love with me?
Moved out two weeks ago - Filing for divorce today - second thoughts
Love after abuse
Need help with Domestic Violence subpoena. Please
“i’m sick of you stop bending the truth”
Prison poem
Dating a DV Survivor
Wrote something today (poem thing)
Saskatchewan 1st to introduce Clare's Law, aimed at stopping domestic violence | CBC News
I left him two days ago.
Confused
My brother hits me (hard) and my parents blame me. please help
Struggling
Day 10 after leaving
If you haven’t been to counseling or attended a support group, I strongly recommend that you start.
I want to forgive my father... but I can’t. I love him, but it’s complicated.
Hi everyone I am currently doing research on domestic violence and parenting. Do you feel your parenting was impacted by domestic violence and if so in what way? Thank you for any replies
Im curious if any other survivors lost custody to their abusers?
Am I an abuser?
On Trauma Bonding
Domestic Violence In NYC Is On The Rise!
Extremely stressful day. Going no-contact NOW.
Update (3) - Pregnant, depressed, and trapped in a hostile environment
People who were pregnant and in abusive relationships...
Terrified of my "friend"
I made a film called 'If Love Hurts' calling on men to never stand for domestic abuse, and donated it to the White Ribbon charity. It will be playing in UK Parliament on November 28th. ***Trigger Warning***
Help
Getting ready to file for divorce this afternoon - need support
Please help, my moms abuser gets out of jail in a month... I want to help her get away
I need advice. I’m in a really bad situation.
Research to end domestic violence https://bwhbulletin.org/2018/10/04/making-the-invisible-visible-bringing-intimate-partner-violence-into-focus/amp/
Need Advice for my Friend
I (26F) got beat by my boyfriend (21M) but... It doesn't feel like it???
Need advice for my friend
Abuser wants me to come back to house to talk and get my things
Why can’t I stop thinking about him?
'He said he was going to leave his mark on me for my next boyfriend'
I'm thinking about leaving
Met a new couple and have been told its gotten abusive. how do i move forward?
Nighttime Anxiety
How does a person leave?
My roommate & his boyfriend both abuse each other. My husband and I don’t know what to do anymore.
Was Alissa Violet in an abusive relationship with Jake Paul.
Hi. We're DuoSuccess TCM volunteers , DuoSuccess Women and Children Protection .Preventing to avoid the abuse, bullying, trafficking, sexual harassment and sexual assault . this a Charity free product for women, children and those who are vulnerable .
Finally Free
How to handle witnessing possible domestic violence of neighbors?
100 days
Need help leaving an abusive (both mentally and physically) relationship
[WA] My Girlfriend is being abused by her ex-husband now that he's found out about me.
The power of starting over
My mom needs help!
Help!
It just never ends.
Day 3 after moving out
College scholarship help!
I’m scared
He messages my family members
Called the police yesterday. Got the police report and they claimed "no injuries"
Referred to here from /relationships My GF almost killed us last night.
Was given his release date today.
I kicked him out and got a dog.
Day 1 - Life without living with my abuser
A Story About A Girl Who Was In An Abusive Relationship
Boyfriend threw me off bed onto floor/slammed me into dresser drawers.
Choking
I want to murder.
Was told to come here by /r/relationships: My (31M) gf (30F) literally pushed me out of the room last night and I don't know how to feel
Leaving tomorrow - getting cold feet
XXXTENTACION Admitted To Domestic Abuse In 2016 Secret Recording: Report
3 years ago abusive relationship
Update - Pregnant, depressed and trapped in a hostile environment
Starting over after an abusive relationship. Please read and help if you can
Will Smith Beat Wife With Newspaper
Am I strong enough?
Shoving and table flipping
My dad attacked me tonight, not sure what to do
Anything helps
Getting over an abusive relationship
My abuser tried to kill me yesterday and I’m not even emotional
He actually cut me :(
Physical and psychological effects of domestic violence
Confused looking for perspective
Is this abuse?
Am I the cause?
Not sure if domestic violence next door...
My husband's friend took me out tonight and only talked abt domestic abuse
I Found His Cell Phones Hidden In The Walls
My [29F] husband [31m] is having recurring anger issues. I feel at a loss for how to move forward. What to do now?
Need advice on what to do...
Raising awareness
From the heart of an experienced ❤️
Domestic Abuse Survey
Domestic Abuse Book
A Month from today was the last time I’ll let anyone put their filthy hands on me. Mark the date 9/19/18. #WarriorChildofGod
I Prayed for You
Ifa Sayo feat. Reza - Blacks Sands (Clean Version)
Can you loose your personality?
My Dad abused my Mom for over 30 years
My Dad abused my Mom for over 30 years
Military DV, I opened up to a connection who had experience leaving her situation. She told his Command and they issued MPO but she did all this without my permission.
I think a woman at my office might be being abused
Have been broken into and threatened to be killed by my older brother. Finally have some courage to speak online about it.
Threatened to be killed and have been broken into by my older brother. Finally have some courage to speak online for suggestions.
Today is my first day of freedom and I don't even want it
Update
Preparing to leave an abuser
Any man that would put hands on, degrade, and/or take advantage of a woman is only doing so in self defense of their ego. It’s their only option left to protect it, but really they are nothing.
Please upvote
Please help with my senior project, focusing of survivors of domestic violence
My friend told me she posted my experience with DV on Quora. I'm posting this for others in need of encouragement that it can get better.
My friend posted about my experience on Quora. I'm posting in case anyone else needs encouragement that it can get better.
Progression of Surviving
I've been subpoenaed and don't know how to prepare - please help. Any advice is appreciated.
How do you know when to reconcile with a former (or current) abuser? [ReconcileOrNot.com]
Can an abusive relationship go back to normal?
Nope or not?
Ouch... I figured out why my father pushed me to stay in a violent abusive relationship
I want to drop my EPO
How do you make peace with an abuser in your heart?
Still trying to prevail
I Am A Survivor
Originally posted to r/relationships. Was then removed and directed here. I don’t know if this was domestic violence though.
CROSSFIRE ~ (DV Awareness Video)
The truth will set me free but I’ll have to endure the pain of birthing it. #MyLifeMyStoryMyJourney
*edited* My best friends ex got this terrible face tattoo a year after they broke up. Recently added the bullet hole when she made it clear they could not even be friends. Should we be concerned?
Do I press charges?
My best friends ex bf got this terrible face tattoo of her. Recently added the bullet hole when she made it clear they could not even be friends. Should I be concerned?
I think my ex wants to kill me
Help me save my daughter
I was tortured by my two inlaws. Left with a beaten up truck. My only vehicle and I need help getting the back window fixed where my kids sit. Please help. I know it seems petty but it would mean the world to me and possibly save my job.
I need some advice / help
Celebrity charity event fighting domestic violence.
For those who need this
He reconized he was wrong and wants to get help but im scared.. I just need support right now..
DV and mental illness?
Trying and failing to help someone
Ex suing after victim posts photos to social media
I’m afraid of my boyfriend
If you have been a victim, were you able to collect and save any useful evidence?
What’s the right way to leave?
My bf (24m) strangled me (20f) in a heated argument and didn’t remember..help me.
I need to get this out. I am the survivor of Domestic Violence that happened a little over 2 months ago. I finally kinda processed it. Thank you.
I need to clarify if this is abuse
Abusive sister wants to reconnect
just me being a dumb ass again
Dont let them own you 💜👑 your are in charge of your life!!
He makes me feel crazy for thinking he’s crazy.
Questions regarding what to do with evidence of abuse? [NJ]
I hurt my wife (possible trigger warning)
I need help with anger and being antagonized.
I'm very sure my sister, 21, is being domestically abused.
Out of nowhere, I had someone say something horrifically cruel to me a couple of hours ago
What does it say about us if we stay in a DV relationship? *Triggers*
Crazy 13 Year old Sister! OMG
Losing my mum to an abuser - what to do when they want to stay?
I'd like to post some very incriminating[case is over/closed]photos but as much as I reddit i can't figure out how?
I feel like I have no one to go to.
My (22f) sister (25f) was just attacked by her ex-boyfriend.
My own mother threatened to kill me in my sleep
Free
He pulled a gun on me
[TW] Totally Exasperated, need some support
Should I break up with my boyfriend or see him through therapy?
Help my family escape domestic violence
Animal abuse and DV
I've been keeping a list of all the fucked up things he has said
A Letter To My Abused Self
Will My Kids Forgive Me?
My boyfriend has to stay 100 yards away from me.
I think my friend and her son are being abused.... Help
is there any point in contacting the authorities when your abuser doesn't leave marks.
Too late?
A guy I was talking to on the street started pulling my hair with his full strength acting like it was going to turn me on
Almost Killed And I Still Love Him
Did you seek therapy?
Former friend abuses his girlfriend - how do I support her?
With holding Sex as Part of Abuse Patterns
Violent ex-boyfriend
[deleted by user]
I would like to post a video I made on domestic violence awareness month - any ideas on where to post?
I am sick with rage. It’s all real now and I can’t think straight.
Just got the news that my case is up for screening at the DA’s office. All I can do is cry.
Neighbor tried to smash his girlfriends car window
DOMESTIC VIOLENCE | GET OUT OF THAT RELATIONSHIP
26f mentally ill mom with 2 kids [4y &5y] and husband soon to be homeless due to domestic violence. Lost and scared.
How Domestic Violence Cases Are Proven and Won | Explained by Attorneys
A Domestic Violence Victim Watching the Dr Ford Situation Unfold, Brings Back Bad Memories
Do something or nothing?
DOMESTIC VIOLENCE | GET OUT OF THAT RELATIONSHIP
Im a guy and my girlfriend hits me. If i hit her the way and frequency she hit me I'd be serving time in prison.
What Are My Options?
Threatening gestures
Why Is There So Much Domestic Violence In This World
[deleted by user]
Is it domestic violence?
Is it allowed?
The good times - can it be true?
*Trigger* It’s bad to confront people that do bad things right? I’m so fucking curious. I’m wide awake trying to understand what makes a person behave certain ways
How to help a friend in an abusive relationship?
Court coming up
What can be done?
I (22F) left my abusive boyfriend (41M) - filing protective order papers in the morning and could use some advice/words of encouragement
I (22F) far away from home, in a relationship that could be heading to abuse. Know what to do, but not where to find the strength.
Don't Believe The Con Man
How can I(33f) support my friends(33f) decision to go back to her abusive boyfriend(30'sm)?
I left
Scared to tell him I am leaving.
UPDATE
My mum is pushing me to suicide. (US)
22F—I really need support from someone in a similar situation
If i wrote a letter to the one after me
Advice for a former friend of an abuser (& rant)
Ok so I finally realized my self worth. I have to go somewhere else mentally while I’m stuck in this situation..
<\3
An abuser who denies affection
He blames me for everything he possibly can, and is trying to convince me that I am mentally ill.
How can I get medical treatment without triggering the duties of mandated reporter? Do mandated reporters only report issues with children, or do they have to report for adults as well? Is this relevant to my situation at all? Kind of feeling lost.
I’m scared, I don’t want to see him again. We have a child, he has a right to see his child
sometimes i feel bad about ignoring him, then i hear my moms jaw pop and im reminded why i hate him so much
Denial of affection
Abused by a woman
At hospital ... 8 weeks pregnant ... herbal miscarriage
My girlfriend was abused
Complicated issue regarding living with my ex partner with personality disorder . Really need help from someone impartial.
Today my abuser gets his verdict
1 yr out 2nd stage
At my WITS END!!! Please HELP ME REDDIT!!!!! Need ADVICE DESPERATELY!
Are people who witnessed dv as kids more likely to abuse a partner themselves?
Hi. We're Operation: Safe Escape, a nonprofit that helps people leave abusive relationships. We're hosting a free conference for professionals and volunteers working to do the same thing.
Leaving abusive marriage - how to take first steps
Domestic violence cycles
Feel like I won't make it out, don't think I value enough
https://www.thepetitionsite.com/362/302/876/demand-that-jefferson-county-charges-anyhony-bates-with-new-weapons-charges./
I want to kill him
How to Stop Talking to Abusive Ex
[deleted by user]
[Update] Abusive Ex Running for Office
Alright peeps. I know you're not happy with me, but I'm starting to get ready.
My (27 M) family (35-68) resents me and has grown hostile towards me
bf(sic) had benzo fueled psychotic rage fit
I don't know what to think. If it was serious or not.
I've been doing some reflecting and writing about my domestic violence situation. Follow the link and let me know what you think or if this resonates with you!
Worried for my sister
I’m new here and I need support (long post)
I'm trying to find the courage to make a police report, can anyone give me some encouragement?
Please help
Abuser escalating
book recommendation for DV survivors
Therapists for DV survivors
My ex admitted he wants to kill me. I have an AVO out on him but I still feel unsafe...
I Thought We Were Past This
[deleted by user]
Do they have to hit you for it to be domestic violence
Emotional abuse and threatening behavior by my husband - he thinks it’s no big deal but it really bothers me
Just got away and I need to know what to do now
One year ago today, I made the best decision of my life. I am so proud of past me for having the courage to kick him out and keep him out.
Is domestic violence contagious? what should I do now?
Monitoring a Potentially Vengeful Ex-Husband with a Violent History
Hi guys, so how do you get out of this mindset?
I was trying to just conversate with my spouse and then he started going through my history, Reddit messages, etc.
Drivers license
Stop Violence Against Women
If you see someone hit their child in public, what do you do?
Question about Abusive Behavior
Ok peeps. $64 in my account.... Help me do this.
Need...something.
Five Against One - A dramatic musical on domestic violence.
To UofM on Enrolling My Abuser
Victim Impact Statement?
I Left
It took for me to be sober to realize...
This sounds like a complicated topic
I have to let this out
female, offering a safe place for female up to two weeks
Change
Should I apologize to an abusive ex for lying to him?
DOMESTIC VIOLENCE: SOUTH AFRICAN WOMAN NARRATES HOW HER HUSBAND OF OVER 10 YEARS ALLEGEDLY RAN OVER HER WITH HIS CAR [PHOTOS]
I live in Ho Chi Minh City and I was abused
How to stop a potential situation -- Speed junkie drunk won't leave my gf alone
Domestic violence suspect dies after deputy-involved shooting in Stanwood
I thought I made it out.
Trying to call someone. What is wrong with this process?
Can someone point me to the right sub
I've been encouraged to post my story here - I am not sure if I am the abused or if I am doing the abusing.
My cousin agreed to talk to the police about dv she experienced so I arranged for them to see her today, now she says she wasn't thinking when she said that and her gut is telling her no so she's going to go out instead. What can I say to her?
How do I disappear from the www??
Abusive Ex Running for Office
Not sure if this is the right place to post this...
Unchain My Heart
Woman In The Mirror
Narcissistic parent
He won't admit it
A vent
So frustrated after trying to get the police to help a family member
Abuse from partners can come in many forms. My former gf enjoyed digital and verbal abuse. This kind of behavior happened regularly
Just need to type it out.
“I thought my ex was just a 'bad boy' but then he became abusive"
I am deeply ashamed and embarrassed to be a domestic violence survivor.
What to do
Helping a family member
I cannot sleep in my house due to previous DV between family.
I broke all his this and he broke my scalp now he’s in jail but has messages from me threatening to break everything and kill myself he threw me against a wall and I had to get 4 staples
My oldest will belittle my like my ex
Has anyone put their kids through counseling because of the domestic violence they witnessed and/or heard?
My boyfriend put me in the hospital but I broke everything in his house
The aftermath of an abusive father ( this is my nephew, he's 4 )
The afthermath of the violence that runs in my family ( This is my nephew )
Tonight was it
He probably won't kill himself, like he's threatened to 50 times, but I'm scared he will kill me.
For us
Suicidal Abuser- Anything more I can do to help??
Am I the problem?
In need of guidance, hope, and a hell of a lot of courage. - How do you approach your own Controlling and Verbally Abusive Father? How do you explain to him that he is hurting his family?
My marriage to a delusional, abusive man
I'm staying in a hotel. Have no place else to go.
Protective Order
Abusers and change
I am an abuser.
[PODCAST interview] Danielle Herzlich (wife of NFL Giants Mark Herzlich) shares her story as a domestic violence survivor
Please pray for me
I was told this is a better subreddit for my relationship issue.
I feel so bad. Please help.
Doing a video on raising domestic violence awareness
Hi girls/guys... Trying to leave
Am I actually the victim?
Newly released: A gripping, unsettling personal memoir about abuse and survival in a marriage. This validates the voice and story of one survivor.
Abuser's therapist wants to meet with me alone
I was attacked with a mug of hot coffee
Abusive Partner with PTSD
The end of my rope: the aftermath
Friend of victim in need of qdvice
Employer/"Protector"/Mind Number/DANGER: An Open Letter (NSFW)
Couples counseling has confirmed that my bf is never going to change
Domestic Violence Awareness Poetry Book
Abuse then "I love you"
Help! What can I do to help a friend being abused?
Tired of being a punching bag but too afraid to leave
2 days ago I saw my abuser for the first time after I ended things. This my open letter to him.
Domestic Violence Definition, Statistics & What to do
I think I'm being gaslit.
I have no one to talk to...
People who have been to a shelter, what did you like/dislike most about it?
I (31M) could really use some help
I (31M and straight) am really need some help
I went back to my abuser and now it may have cost me my kids
What to do when witnessing a potentially abusive situation?
Why Is There So Much Domestic Violence In This World
Daughter in an abusive relationship
Podcast with resources for survivors of domestic violence
Got restraining order against my ex and he's turning my mom against me
dealing with emotionally abusive father
dealing with flashbacks
Dating a woman who was previously abused
Effects of Abuse
The app that you need if you’re experiencing abuse or feel unsafe
Filming Me on His Cellphone? Is this Abuse?
Have faith
Is this domestic abuse?
Ex Broke Car Window—Now That It’s Fixed I’m Afraid He’ll Do It Again
Cluelessness leads to the increasing number of victims. #neveragain
Antidepressants linked to violent behavior?
not sure where to go from here
This is me FINALLY telling MY story.
I (25fm) just filed to dismiss the harassment restraining order on him (29m)
True story
He keeps bothering me
[X-post] Any tips for how to best "disappear into the night" from an abusive partner? • r/TwoXChromosomes
I (26F) want to leave my abusive boyfriend but I'm financially dependent on him due to disability. What can I do?
Does an Abuser Ever feel Remorse?
Hidden physical abuse - mysterious bruises
720 5/12-3.2(A) Domestic Battery Cook County, IL i-bond 5,000 9/10/18 is my next court date. 20 yr old male 2nd time being arrested for domestic battery, no charges pressed 1st time. I’ll have about $700-850 for court. Can’t afford a lawyer. Evicted from my parents house. Odds I go to jail?
I won. The “alpha” staring contest in court today against my ex bf abuser...and it felt even better than the actual civil lawyer fee win.
Doing what I can to help my friend.
Trying to Emotionally Process Physical Violence after Abrupt Ending to Engagement.
[Re-post] [Research Study] [Content may possibly be triggering] Study exploring the factors associated with suicidal ideation and self-harm in individuals who have previously been in foster care (Worldwide: individuals aged 18 - 40 who have previously been in foster care)
Feel trapped in my own home
5 years later, finally coming to terms with the relationship
Nightmares about suicidal him blowing his brains out in my dreams are getting old
Anger turned inward
It’s like I’m living with 3 people...
Need help for my friend still living at home
Gaslighting
Need Advice
I am 37 year old male with an abusive gf
Abusive fiancé has me scared to get help for ppd
A friend of mine after years of suffering memtal and physical abuse was thrown out the car and left to die
Hostility housed in the context of “jokes”
Friendships - will your friends support you, or distance themselves?
BREAKING: National Organization For Women releases statement, calls for Keith Ellison to withdraw from AG race.
WANTED MAN: UFC fighter Andrea Lee’s spouse wanted on domestic violence charges
Value of an Apology Years After
AMA With Chris From Operation:Safe Escape IS LIVE!! 10:00 AM to 1:00 EASTERN!! Join Us!!
I'm Chris with Operation: Safe Escape. AMA about tech and security related to domestic violence.
Has anyone recommended Bancroft’s book to their abuser?
A wonderful initiative in the Baltimore area!
6 Years Still Isn’t Enough
Ex-boyfriend's new girlfriend contacted me, pleading for a conversation.
Looking for information about dating abuse victim
To anyone in or out of an abusive relationship
I'm so stupid
Ultimatums
Tired of my friend getting hurt
Advice please h
Relationship ending, his decision. Feeling so worthless i'm ready to die and disappear.
Husband hit me
Is there hope? I let him back in last night. And again today.
(PDF) Why Does He Do That? Inside the minds of angry and controlling men. I'm halfway through and everything is so clear to me now.
I'm a batterer, married for 10 years with kids
AMA ALERT!! Tuesday, August 14th Between 10:00 AM Eastern Time to 1:00 PM There will Be Chris From OPERATION:SAFE ESCAPE Here Again!!
Is it still abuse? Is there any hope?
How do I get away from my “changed” abuser?
How do i make this feeling if fear go away?
After 5 long years, my friend calls out her creepy Ex. Post from r/creepyPMs
Would I be able to get custody
Not allowed to have mayo on my sandwich.
I finally got out but in the worst possible way.
Ben Roberts-Smith: Soldier denies allegations of bullying and domestic violence
Has anyone here ever reported coercive control to the police?
Myths and Facts About Domestic Abuse
How do I leave a toxic place without a car in the middle of nowhere?
Potentially abusive father
Westwood Deaths Attributed to Domestic Violence - Police
Is this abuse? My PTSD is flaring up after last night. I am considering an OFP...
I was physically aggressive with my boyfriend (we are a gay couple)
Give yourself a break 💜
My Strange and unique Story
College Student In An Abusive Family Situation
What to do?
[double checking] next door neighbour (woman) often argues with partner, i left a note
How do I learn to trust again after an abusive relationship?
Should I take legal action in this situation or is it not worth it? Being harassed after leaving.
HELP ME PLEASE
It’s Been 2 Years and It Still Hurts.
My narcassist father is controlling and abusive, what do I do?
I want to live again
I feel so broken
[Research Study] [Content may possibly be triggering] Study exploring the factors associated with suicidal ideation and self-harm in individuals who have previously been in foster care (Worldwide: individuals aged 18 - 40 who have previously been in foster care)
This is My Story
This is My Story
Wanted to vent about the ridiculous things people say
Getting rights terminated
I think I’m in an abusive relationship with my girlfriend
I'm really torn up about this last weekend...
I'm leaving him today
My friend is being abused,and I don't know what to do?
I got away
Share your story
Help for abuse victim with baby in Phoenix.
Considering telling a friend but all my friends are my boyfriend's friends too
My friend is in an abusive home.
I am afraid of myself
My tenant abuses his partner. What do I do?
My boyfriend (25) grabbed me (F 22) by the throat at my work. In front of 2 of my coworkers and security cameras.
Any stories of changed abusers?
Is this guy a horrible boyfriend?
please help me escape this cycle..
Wife hit me. Am I overreacting?
Confronting my father (advice would be much appreciated)
Support for male victims + my story
Is it possible for abuse to remove your sexuality?
Im conflicted about my boyfriend (M,29) and I (F,30) am not sure if his actions are abusive.
What am I actually so scared of now? After all I have been through already, just can’t pinpoint the feeling.
Know the signs
My ex has a warrant for his arrest from the last time we fought. Why do I feel bad and guilty?
My story 21 and on the edge agian
Threats, control and emotional abuse
A small poem I wrote.
Help getting friend[27M] out of abusive relationship with his Girlfriend[23F]
Should I take him back?
Help Me Escape
My boyfriend of four years (25M) aggressively crashed my car into someone else while I was driving (22F)
I was sent here by r/relationships. I [20M] and my girlfriend [20F] have been together for 4 years, I love her, but a lot of the time I find myself hating her and wishing I wasn't with her.
Your thoughts on this situation. I really can't figure if i'm an abuser or a victim and i'm losing my head. Not a troll post.
Loyalty
What should it do?
Have any of you left your kids behind to find a better life?
Sent here by r/relationships (X-posted, but locked and removed because of trolls PMing people). My sister is in an abusive relationship and I'd like to help her.
I found out a new friend is in an abusive relationship. What can I do to help?
I’m too scared of my partner to leave I don’t know what to do
Wrongly acussed for battery
Is there a reason that it's so hard to leave?
I’m not sure what to do anymore
No where to go.
Are there any underground networks to help women escape?
I really need help or advice. 19m
I need to leave my husband but fear is holding me back.
I am abusive to my girlfriend
17f Living With Possibly Abusive Dad, Need Help
One day I'll leave
I am 22 with an abusive mother but don't want to leave her
How to leave abusive obsessive mother without inflicting pain on her?
Why is leaving so hard?
Suspected Abuse Situation
I [18M] pushed my mother [55F] against a door and i feel ashamed, but ...
I [18M] just pushed my mother against a door and i feel ashamed, but ...
I can do this? Can I do this?
How do you all stay strong?
I’m currently sleeping in my daughter’s bedroom, but I can’t sleep 💤
Will it be ok?
Broken Glass, 3 Kids, Suicide And A Life Changing Decision
My friend is scared for her life. How can I help?
[deleted by user]
Termination of Parental Rights
post traumatic stress disorder
How can I stop my bf throwing tantrums when he wants sex?
Need a hacker ? No upfront payment
Should I feel like my dad abused me and seek help?
My mother is unstable and tried to kill me with a knife
Abusive ex’ has found out where I work: I need help choosing a new name for a legal name change
Domestic violence in uganda
Whether or not to confront parents - growing up with domesctic violence
Book recommendations?
Forwarded from r/relationships... I'm not sure why, but please, can you help me?
what can my friend do?
Forwarded from r/relationship. I could use some help if you’re all willing
Need support. Got out of DV a while ago, helping my mom out of it, but having difficulties myself.
Just broke up with my abuser
family in need of help
Abuse Survivor who Desperately Needs Signatures! Please help.
Chat group for near death survivors?
rant about home
I hit my husband for the first time...
Father Under the Influence Called the Police
astro belts around the inside of my eyelids
Help me anyone I want to go home
I am missing my ex
How do I report this?
Possible domestic violence act I witnessed tonight and upset I could have done more, please help
One of my abusers is dead.
My Domestic Violence story..
Its been 6 months since I left my abusive relationship....
The Rant Heard Around The World - Breaking the Silence (Taking a STAND to an Epidemic)
He hit me again
UPDATE: I finally cut out my mother who was never there for me. I left my boyfriend too.
Relationship issues (Need Help)
Is domestic violence effectively bullying?
Having commitment issues
2 dead after murder-suicide in Surprise neighborhood
Abuse induced amnesia
My brother [41] and his wife [39] recently split after 18 years. I'm worried his wife is going to hurt him.
I feel stuck in my relationship. I just had a baby with this man.
3 years safe, still hurting
The Victim Impact Statement my Wharton Ex-Boyfriend Doesn’t Want You to Read
Me [29 F] with my husband[48 M] 4yr, with 2 yr [f] child; Rocky relationship and don't know how to proceed.
Please Help if You Can...
My gf is abusive
My gf
It gets better
My [22]m girlfriend [22]f hit me and then beat herself and threatened to cut her wrists
My Boyfriend went to Jail today for Assault with Intent to commit Murder.....
I’ve created a Discord Support Server where you can come in and chat with others. Welcome to The Island!
Is there anything we can do to help this little girl?
Feeling more withdrawn after incident, can’t stop replaying it in my head.
Needing help with an escape plan with Narcissist Abusive "boyfriend"
Just had my first therapy session talking about abuse in my past, three years on,
My husband threw a full baby bottle at me in front of our son and other abusive moments.
I have been a domestic abuser for 4 or so years now, but I can’t help that I get so annoyed by her.
is this domestic violence im a 23year old male shes a 21 yr old female
I need to get my friend out of this.
If you grow up with critical parents were they to criticized as kids?
my boyfriend slapped me in public
How to help my [21F] mom [52F] get out of an abusive relationship
Husband beat me last night.
Does a partner pushing you into a wall by your throat carry the same risk as strangulation?
Emotional abuse even after leaving?
Anyone have experience leaving with kids?
My (26M) girlfriend (21F) was punched by her ex-boyfriend/roommate (21M)
Protective orders for family?
Have a coworker who is seemingly in an abusive relationship.
Is my situation abusive? I don’t feel very happy anymore and I feel stuck
I just reported temporary restraining order on my bf. idk what to do
please help get this abusive video removed that is aimed at children to watch
Out of an abusive relationship but its still not over (Male)
I worked an event yesterday for a non-profit domestic violence intervention and prevention fundraiser that was simultaneously inspiring and insanely triggering (Long)
I hit my boyfriend today and I can't stop crying ( Not anger induced )
My friend went from being codependent on her abuser to codependent on me.
Seeking support that I’m doing the right thing..
My boyfriend hits me and says awful stuff and I’m falling apart
Did he change you too?
Anonymous support for my neighbor?
He's the only one who will ever tolerate me.
Child of Domestic Abuse Help?
Younger brother is violently abusive
GoFund me For XXXTenacion's victim for orbital surgery.
Xxxtentacion Is bringing up some sad feelings tbh. And not for the reason it is for most people today.
Yesterday I got beat up my ex-boyfriend (TW: Graphic detail)
Just lost my dad and now my babies father is being abusive
I’m stuck with my abusive boyfriend because I have no where else to go
Any survivors who find that their family tend to not offer support/sympathy?
Help us Protect Women and Their Rights
Fathers day struggle.. Should i do something for my boyfriend even though he is not my son's biological father.
My Mom
.
Partner of 24 Years Ends Relationship Over Text so He Can Regain Power
What should I do if I suspect my neighbors have a domestic violence situation?
I called the police, husband threw my phone at my head, police told me he should stop drinking. Now what? Divorce?
No Longer
Leaving.
My best friend is in a very dangerous relationship.
New Podcast on Gender-Based Violence, including in IPV
What resources are available?
Would watch him sleep at night, wondering...has he ever raped someone? Does he sexually abuse his daughter? Something in me knew...long before I KNEW.
How to get past it..
Younger Brother Emotionally/Physically Abusive
I know logically this is abuse, but he frames it as though I had it coming and what do I expect.
Lost...
When your abusive husband is out screwing and you sit at home with the kids, knowing it...
Has anyone successfully gotten out after the "red flags" -- before things got terrible?
I’m scared and I don’t know what to do.
Whistles: Untold Stories PT 1. hi everyone, I’ve recently completed a student project and dedicated it to the subject matter of Domestic Violence. I hope to bring more awareness to any sufferers and hopefully help someone going through similar circumstances. Any feedback would be amazing.
I got out of a very abusive situation 6 months ago and can no longer press charges
My friend has a black eye and a bruised lip...from her boyfriend. need help
I am done with lies, theft, abuse
Verbal abuse
Abuser just contact me. He drank anti freeze..
Abuser just contact me. He drank anti freeze..
I really don’t know what to do :(
I cheated on my bofriend, we decided to stay together and he choked me a week later. Choked me again a few weeks later.
Advice
My Gf abuses me sometimes
Any good podcasts on life after domestic violence? (USA)
should I feel awful? what should I do to get help and get past this?
New here. Help. Advice. Opinions.
Arrest, no contact order, feel like life is ruined.
What made you leave?
I talked to him.
So.
Moving in a few weeks- What should I expect/plan for?
Committed Partner of 4+ Years Just Hit Me for the First Time
My Torture Story Through the Canadian Courts [TRIGGER WARNING] | ALifeLearned
Why we need a Domestic Abusers Register
Why we need a Domestic Abusers Register
Share your story about coercive control
Consequences of Domestic Violence in the Childhood
What things did you need when you left your abuser?
Can you please go vote for my film on Narcissistic Abuse called Rise From the Ashes??? 🙏🏽🙏🏽🙏🏽 The voting is open for 4 more days. I am asking for votes everyday. I know that’s a lot lol. Please click here and share on Facebook and Twitter to DOUBLE YOUR VOTES!
My best friend hits his gf
mental health and the criminial justice system
"Crooked mind" of an survivor. How it shaped me. (cz)
Scared, shocked, and confused. Husband of 10 year beat me, strangled me and tossed me around the house just now.
Did anybody else's mom beat up your dad?
My abuser makes me question my sanity
The cops lied in the report and are trying to put words in my mouth
Need your help. I'm dating an ex abuse victim and I don't know what to do. She is 22, no kids, and we've been together for 1.5 years. Live about an hour and a half apart as of last few months.
Debt caused by an abuser?
Did my man rape me?
I'm not leaving......but I need to (LONG)
It’s been 2 years, I feel like I should be better
Ready, not sure who to tell
Years after abuse, working with other survivors
Everyone I've spoken with agrees it's abuse and I need to leave...but I'm just so overwhelmed...
conflicted....
when do you "get over it"
I talk about my trauma to everybody except the relevant people. Should I be direct?
How scared should I be?
My story of leaving an abusive relationship with a narcissistic psycopath
What can I do if there are barely any laws that protect parents from abusive children?
I’m scared of my boyfriend but I don’t know how to leave.
I have no idea how to deal with my abusive choking boyfriend of 5 years and can’t bring myself to leave
How to Spot an Abuser (based on my experience)
What service is right for us?
10 Signs Your Partner Is Abusive
I need help for my friend
Its been over 1 year and things are still almost just as hard. (Sorry it is long)
How to help a international friend
Open letter to a protector of an abuser
[UPDATE]Should he say/do something?
Not being able to find peace
GYRL A Short Documentary about Domestic Violece
No one knows
I need some help
I'm lonely but I've been that way for so long now
How do I heal from here?
Frustration
Does medicine stop abusive behavior?
Abusive ex, but his family doesn’t believe me despite the evidence.
Is this abuse?
Boyfriend Choked me and slammed me to the ground
What to expect in court
Reuben Foster Ex-Girlfriend Elissa Ennis Testified She Lied About The Domestic Violence
I dont know if it was worth reporting
Please help
Grew up in an abusive household. My mother recently tried cutting contact with (step)father and it isn’t going well. Looking for some resources and support.
He's being arrested for stalking tomorrow
27M in abusive relationship. Need help/advice immediately.
I love him still.
Karma is a bitch? Looong story alert!
how my PTSD works
PFA Question
My binge drinking husband put his hands on me while we were on vacation. He blacked out, grabbed me and tired to pull me out of the room. He has committed to never drink alcohol ever again. Do I go back? How do I go back? What can be done to make sure I never have to go through this again?
Back to Court
Are there ANY films that give Domestic Violence the seriousness it deserves?
When does the fear subside?
Why am I obsessing over him?
I volunteer as an IPV/SA advocate . . .
Should he say/do something?
I just want to get this out
How to deal with these ambivalent feelings?
Leaving like a thief in the night
What is the best way to un-learn behaviours your abusive ex taught you to have?
Escaping my abuser next week, he has no idea and I am so scared.
Why did this FB post bother me so much? Not siding with the abuser but I can understand why the victim would show up too
Where to draw the line?
New here. I think my restraining order has been violated, and the police are not taking it seriously. Long story, gave you guys the background too. A vent and asking for advice. Thank you so much.
How to Get over it
unsure how/if to intervene w/ relative across the country
Describe a time you walked in on your parents during a bad fight
Traumatized
Customer.
Alone
Is it possible to end a full order of protection early without cooperation from the complainant? I'm afraid it will impact my employment opportunities.
Is it possible to end a full order of protection early without contacting the complainant? I'm afraid it will impact employment opportunities
my girlfriend accuses me of domestic violence and gets a restraining order what do I do to get out of this situation?
New here.
I think my ex left me a gift card on my Nook eReader
Fear. This is new to me.
How do I report domestic violence from another state?
No where to go, please help
I want to contact him and I don't know why.
Trying to make sense of everything
[deleted by user]
My sister told me yesterday that my dad violently abused her as a child.
Terrified of Ex
He's giving me the silent treatment.. again
Why is it so hard to leave an abusive relationship or to still want them after you have been discarded?
Feeling confused. And lost.
How to get off lease, Abuser will not break the lease
Hi, just a question really before I maybe someday use this reddit to talk about stuff - does this subreddit focus on physical abuse, or psychological and emotional also
Do you find yourself being too picky / too hard on potential partners post-abuse?
Court? Scared to testify
Does anyone ever feel like your life “isn’t hard enough” to be as affected as you are by abuse?
Hi reddit. I have nowhere to turn. Can you please help me escape my abusive situation?
Help please
My father (M50) has been abusive to my mother (F47) all my life. How can I support her?
I feel disgusting and weak.
After 5 years, it feels like Stockholm Syndrome
#MeToo My Domestic Abuse hell- my story
I'm really struggling with the decision to report my ex for his sexual and emotional abuse
Arnica Gel could save your job.
Because of him, I'm suffering from severe dissociation. How to cope?
When dating, how long do you wait to tell someone about your past?
I want to leave but I don't...
AMA. Professionally trained victim advocate in domestic violence and sexual assault.
Need a professional counselor/Dr
What do you make of this?
Looking for male participants for my Investigative Psychology MSc research.
Yes he IS crazy enough to make an email address in my name and send himself threats! Ugh...
I can’t tell if he’s kinky or abusive.
Principal Deputy Director Katharine Sullivan of the Justice Department’s Office on Violence Against Women Delivers Remarks at Annual International Family Justice Center Conference | OPA
Seeing A Woman Get Beat Up
How can I help my neighbor in danger
A Friend in need
3rd week at the shelter
[deleted by user]
Is mental abuse and emotional abuse considered domestic violence? And if so, if you’re in a power imbalanced relationship and need out, do domestic violence advocates recognize mental and emotional abuse as valid for assistance?
Ex pushed me hard into the floor, but am I at fault?
My MIL is blaming my family member (who called the police) for everything!
I’m free as a bird and I want to fly high.
(Ohio) Tips on a Victim Impact Statement
Woman convicted of domestic violence
Student came to me denounce a case of domestic violence - what should I do now?
Choosing the Right Domestic Violence Attorney
Dad abused Mom - how do you deal with shame of being related to abuser?
My cousin(19f) is in a bad place, 2 kids...need advice
Scarred.Not.Scared
Honesty, advice and support wanted and welcome.
[deleted by user]
I'm trapped and I'm afraid I'll stay this way. I just don't know what to do
My sister in abusive relationship, I feel like i'm accidentally enabling her bad behavior/situation by my past/present support - I've reached my limit to participate
My landlords ex took a swing at me.
Long History of abuse. Long read.
Been at the shelter for a week
My ex got away with everything...
What's a refuge like?
Evicting My Mother's Abusive Husband
Angry woman has unfaithful husband shot by youngest daughter.
Living in a shelter
Forever worthless
My ex and experiences still hugely impact my sex life, what can I do?
Direct TV ad promotes domestic violence.
Help please
Tips for When a Domestic Violence Survivor Asks for Help
How was domestic violence manifested in your household?
normalizing relationship violence
This is after he “accidentally” choked me, accused me of cheating, put his hands on me, and prevented me from leaving. He’s a master manipulator and “sweet talker.”
It’s over, kind of.
I just realized that I'm an emotional abuser, how can I change?
It’s so lonely here.
I just got married and my wife crossed the line again.
My wife of 2 years slapped me... now what?
Girl assaulted me, now she's possibly trying to file a report of DV against me.
Will he hit me tonight, or just degrade me until daylight??
How do you heal from trauma from abusive men?
Speaking for another, but this is serious.
Is it normal that I’m a proud woman beater?
Today is a birthday of sorts...
If you are a woman in a relationship and your partner has abused you, or does abuse you, you probably deserve/d it
Domestic Violence and the Consequences – Get Counselling For Right Solution - Amazon Article Directory
Help me escape domestic abuse
What should i do?
Tips For Going No Contact With A Narcissist
I’m new. I am indeed clueless with what I’m doing but I’m trying. I’m learning but I still want to touch those who need someone to listen to or talk to or even guide themselves. My post is on friendship & abuse. The vid title is just goofy since I thought of the song lol hang in there w me!
I don't know what to do. I think what he did was wrong but is it worth leaving over? I'm scared, confused and alone. Need some perspective.
Narcissist Quotes
what do i do
New here, need to know this gets better
I fear calling the police won't do anything but make it worse.
Is it normal for me to miss my ex? I really want to go see her. I recognize that our relationship wasn’t healthy but I really do love her. Moving on feels impossible and I feel like I could never love someone the way I love her. I feel like she could change and that we could be happy together.
Domestic violence research survey for school paper
What are your experiences?
First time threatened with force, what should I have done different to avoid? Future advice for my mentality of by brother trying to intimidate me.
Hire an Experienced Domestic Violence Attorney and Fight against Fear of Domestic Violence
Seeking advice about situation with my wife
The confusion after leaving abuse-Long post
How To Recover From Narcissistic Abuse-12 Steps
My Boyfriend Almost Killed Me
child bomber is found with a SUICIDE VEST
Is it domestic violence if
Please help me help others. Your support keeps me going.
So what do people think of emotional abuse verses physical? In a way I think it's worse since no one seems to care. Though as someone who had tvs thrown at her and hit her as a kid nothing compares to having the shit beaten out of you.
4 months after leaving him, he’s great and I’m still falling apart
Why am I not bothered by this?
Outrageous Allegations by Abuser for Custody
Trying to help my mom
Need legal advice asap
Abusive Parents. Is there a way to prevent this?
she abused me but i did not think she would abuse my son.
I'm going crazy
Child abuse
Understanding Domestic Violence Cases
What would it take...
Wife punched and slapped me repeated after I came to bed late
Bobby S. 847-602-6005
It seems I am a looser
Domestic Abuse: Fire Beneath the Surface
I left.
End Domestic Violence in Australia - Non for Profit Grass Roots Organization Helping Victims of Domestic Abuse
Angry guy
Is there any truth to the line “the abused become abusers”
Sensitivity to touch in new relationships and talking about it
Possible victim asking for help on r/personalfinance
Question/Help/Advice
toxic relationship between parents
He went to jail last night.
How to help a close friend?
Dealing with my [20F] abusive ex [21M] on my campus. What do I do?
I was sexually and physically abused by my last boyfriend
Even abuses me in my dreams
He did it again. (Trigger warnings: violence)
He's no longer physically abusive but remains emotionally/verbally abusive...
Domestic Violence (my insight about it)
Why you don't beat her? *trigger warning*
Rihanna attacks Snapchat over advert that 'joked' about domestic violence
Boyfriend says he abuses me because I cheated on him three years ago. I take the abuse because its my fault?
When will I stop feeling like this?
Rihanna shuts down DV joke
Help us get our film made which brings awareness to domestic abuse
Does Anyone Feel Like This After Its Over?
Update on abusive wife
Can someone explain to me why she got engaged with him
I wrote this a little bit ago. After a fight with my boyfriend. I don’t express much. But I got this out. And want to share it before it gets bottled up again.
Big Little Lies - Haunted
Why Does He Do That? Anger management question
parents bullying me for disability
Need advice
I (22F) am being gaslighted by my (27m) boyfriend of 5 years. I don’t know how to get him to leave. Help. Please.
I forced my abuser to leave our house and she offered me a deal
Advice for disclosing DV to new partner?
In honor of the NBA's Dallas Mavericks and Mark Cuban
1 in 3 women and 1 in 5 men have experienced at least one incident of violence from a current or former partner...​ A bunch of car builders are committed to putting a Stop to it. With The Ambulance of Hope... ​
How to leave a violent relationship
Resurfacing, and stronger tham ever.
VIDEO evidence of a violation, 20+ witnesses (strangers to me and him), and possibly his own confession of a RO violation and the police STILL refused to make an arrest
My girlfriend abused me for an entire year, and moved on to someone new in less than a week.
What's the best way to help?
I'm writing a research paper and I'm finding it hard to find info on men who have been abused. If you're a man who has been a victim of domestic violence, and you're up for talking to a stranger, I'm here to listen.
I am done with the abuse. Need suggestion.
Neighbours fighting...should I call for help?
How do the women fleeing domestic violence supported at the refuges?
I was raped...?
Domestic Violence Escape Plan
Writing about DV *need advice*
Mother-in-law in a life threatening abusive relationship; ideas to convince her to leave? x-post from relationships
Vulnerable Women
Safety Planning for Friends & Families of Domestic Violence
unsure what to do
Feeling low
Parents got violent with each other for the first time in my life. Don’t know what to do
I need help
I feel really confused
He’s going to kill me, if I don’t get away soon.
Help for the Jeanne Geiger Crisis Center needed ASAP
DOMESTIC VIOLENCE PROJECT
Share your story, Help spread hope
Letter I wrote for my STBX, I'm on the fence about sending it. I just want someone to read it, to know the truth.
Feeling Betrayed...
My husband violated my trust severely. What do I do now?
Advice about DV Trials and how to Cope.
I got strangled but not enough to pass out or cause blurred vision but will I be ok I’m too scared to go dr
Revenge pornography is a form of domestic violence - victims have a lot of options in California.
Rescuing a Family from Domestic Violence Part 2
Did anybody elses abuser do this?
Should I go to police again???
How am I supposed to talk about domestic abuse if I know my therapist will report it?
Research looking into relationships & abuse?
PLEASE TAKE THIS SURVEY FOR MY CLASS!!
what was the first time like? were there warning signs?
how to break an abusive relationship
I (23F) told my mother-in-law that her son (19M) has been abusing me since we got married and moved in together.
DV ruined my life
I think I'm abusive...help.
Woman was abused by sick psychopath -- now suffers from severe brain trauma
Long-term BF Tried To Kill Me
Should I intervene?
Are they really just all psychopaths....?
Getting in my own way—I don’t want to leave him
More than beer tabs Im bidding farewell.Days of being broke, wondering how Im going to feed my kids, control, abuse, toxic, lonliless, mentally, emotionally & physically drained. To him & embracing the lessons learned. To making the same mistakes & realizing that I am worth more than this!
Flashbacks, nightmares, keep thinking I said the wrong thing to the judge. Wish this were over!
Could I have False Memory Syndrome?
still with abuser, can't get over the abuse.
He hit me but I'm put on trial.
[deleted by user]
Someone I care for confessed..
Someone I care for confessed..
My ex hit me with her car and almost our son
I accidentally hurt my boyfriend of 6 years and he hasn't talked to me since after hurting me.
Trying to figure out what just happened...
I’m thinking about not going to my OP hearing.
Resources for leaving/surviving on my own?
My husband (24) of 8 years just hit me hard on one arm and then proceeded to grab both my arms, squeeze them and shake me aggressively. This happened tonight, the day before my last trip here visiting him (we're currently in a ldr).
I'm not moving on
Getting close to a year gone
I feel so invalidated watching someone who abused me go on to immediately have this exciting (happy?/fun-seeming) long-term relationship with someone else...
Domestic Violence in India
Advice for mil, scared to leave due to death threats
First pictures of tragic Zoe (3) who died after alleged assault at her home
Will I ever get to me myself again??
Looking for some resources to share
Should I stay with my boyfriend who hit me? I don't think he remembers because he was drunk.
my boyfriend relapsed after rehab got drunk and hit me
Women Is It Worth It
I’ve been out of an abusive marriage almost 3 years, does it ever get easier?
He didn't physically kill me but I feel dead inside, I lost everything.
White House says Trump takes 'domestic violence very seriously,' despite public comments
Update: I am very afraid of this man
Domestic Violence Awareness Cake Ideas
Know These Signs Of Domestic Abuse So You Can Help Yourself And Others -- While we can’t know the truth about Rob Porter, this is an opportunity to examine how abuse can hide in plain sight and how to help someone in an abusive relationship.
Help Me Not To Go Back
Am I doing enough for my sister?
My Roommate just started physically abusing his GF, and I'm afraid I might be next (tl;dr warning)
He strangled me.
Help for a friend.
Controlling bf hack into her phone and emails
I made this animation/ music video to show my support for victims of domestic violence/ abuse.
And again...
How I escaped an abusive marriage, and learned to believe in myself.
Help for a Friend
Thank you
Domestic Violence Story! You Can Make A Difference In Their Lives!
I dropped the case and went back
My neighbors are domestically violent and I don't know what to do
I'm not ready to tell the story yet, but, I have taken those crucial steps.
It wasn't okay, but will it happen again..?
Just broke up with my bf who has anger issues. Scared... Please help assess his potential for violence.
How do I identify and set boundaries on subtle abuse ?
Reporting a Broken NCO
Fight Against The Domestic Violence With These Lawyers
What? Call the cops on my twin sister’s 6’3” boy, who hit me in the head with his head and threw a heavy gate at me?
How do I know?
Terrible! Father Brutalizes Daughter For Refusing Him Sex
Should you always report Dv incident
[22F] Finally out of my abusive relationship of 3.5 years. Haven't been this happy in forever.
Closure.
Any organizations offering assistance for DV survivors?
Need insight
I (28F) got broken up with my partner (30F), only now see it was abusive, and don't know how to deal or start over.
Which account to use ?
Need advise for sister
How to cope right after a breakup
What do i do?
Sai.
Is this abuse?
I (22f) think my dad (47m) is abusive but he and my mom blame my mental health.
I don't know how to help.
Elise: a short powerful film about domestic violence and child abuse
Addictive Abusive Relationships!
Joy comes in the morning
How can I [35M] deal with the constant abuse and threats from my ex [37F] in front of our daughter [5F]?
"Why doesn't she just get out?"
DV and puppy love
My Daughter
Can someone pls talk some sense with me
THERE IS LIFE AFTER DOMESTIC VIOLENCE!!!!! I SCREAM IT FOR ALL OF MY FELLOW VICTIMS AND SURVIVORS!
Skip "I, Tonya"
so brave! (triggwer warning)
House
Why does my boyfriend always threaten to hit me?
My girlfriend used to punch me in the face if I hugged her in public.
Maybe DV?
Issue with my therapist
My girlfriend's dad might attack us, what can we do?
Can anyone help me?
I don’t know how to help/support her.
Not sure where to post this - but I need support
He is talking about suicide now
[deleted by user]
When the police don't care. With this video, i was told there wasn't enough probable cause to make an arrest. How? What? Why?
My story
My story
I’m 21f, about to be out of an emotionally/mentally abusive relationship, and I’m scared of going back to normal life.
FOR ANYONE IN A 'SITUATION'
Brother Attacked Me
Images of domestic abuse
Rise From the Ashes is about #NarcissisticAbuse, which is a form of abuse that is mostly verbal & psychological, but still leads to emotional trauma in victims. Inspired by true events. www.RiseFromTheAshesMovie.com #narcissism #narcissist #narcissisticpersonalitydisorder #narcissisticabusesurvivor
Triggers in here, my girlfriend was in an abusive relationship years ago, I’m her first boyfriend since then and I need some help with something
Mentally and emotionally abused afraid of calling police
why is there so much domestic violence in this world
My girlfriend's mom is going to remarry the man that tried to strangle her
Its been 2 years, when does it get easier?
Janna Graber of Skogman Realty assisting a Fugitive of Justice.
Can you please help me get justice for domestic violence victims!
[deleted by user]
Hi, I’m new here. And not just new to this subreddit.
Confessions of a gaslighter.
Boyfriend hit me, feeling depressed.
Emotional turmoil
Trying to leave with bad credit and pets, it feels hopeless and I just wanna give up
The before and after. Happy, quirky me vs abused me. Yet I always find myself forgiving
7 years old girl was raped and killed. Her dead body was found in junk yard
A friend can’t prove domestic abuse to police, and abuser won’t admit to the police. What can she do?
Numb
[deleted by user]
Desperate for help.
I finally told my mom about her husband sexually abusing me. She then confronted him and now he knows I told her... now I'm scared of what he will do.
I [29/f] was choked by my boyfriend [28/m] of 11yrs, no prior incidents.
DV poem 1.9.18
domestic violence/abuse or not?
So my dad chocked my mom
Me or Him
my brother attacked me
Monday 1/8/2018 at 10:00AM EST There Will Be An IAMA Done By An Online Counseling Service
Ex partner [33/M] attacked me [25/F] again - blows to the head. I'm in agony.
DOMESTIC ABUSE AND OVERCOMING IT
Question
Used and Abused All My Life
Feeling lost...
After years of growing up surrounded by domestic abuse, I have created my own blog to raise awareness and highlight flaws in Social Work
Completely alone.
Friendly reminder that this is not acceptable behavior. Again, this is NOT acceptable behavior. No more excuses.
Single parent father abuse
Healing from a random act of violence
My Best Friend is in the beginning of an Abusive Realtioship (and she’s ignoring my screams and cries for her to get out while she can) In Detail
Discouraging news about DV case dropped in Mass. court because accused was a Vet
First time I’m happy in 2 years after leaving a domestically abusive relationship in mid December
1 dead, 6 injured as Colorado gunman targets deputies on domestic disturbance call
Every holiday a fight
Need Support
Advice on an abusive situation involving my best friend. I would like a new perspective on it....
Need advice: Feeling scared for his new gf
Looking for advice
Should I forgive my father?
My story (Long... Not expecting anyone to read, I just wanted to finally share it in full): triggers, I'm sure.
Trying to get the courage to leave
NEED HELP, POTENTIAL DOMESTIC ABUSE
My Life Just Exploded (DV)
Best friend is living in an abusive household
So there seem to be a ton of organizations out there raising lots and lots of money and employing people with what I'm guessing are nice salaries yet these sites only ask for donations and have no links to help victims. Am I missing something. I need help not to make some rich person feel good.
Send us your messages and your stories of gendered violence or harassment. Let's show everyone how big the problem is and that we need to fight it. This is our google form in which you can write us about your experiences regarding domestic violence or any form of gendered violence.
I want to die.
“I didn’t hurt you, you hurt yourself, you shouldn’t have pulled away from me, you shouldn’t have tried to jump out the car” I am currently no contact and plan to stay that way.
He's begging for help and I can't help but to help my abuser. I feel guilt and anger.
i'm not expecting anyone to help but...
Domestic Violence by Proxy
He Was Too Domineering!!!
New here, need support to go no contact abusive relationship. Ready to end it for good
How do i overcome
What about afterwards?
[CA] DVRO in place but issues continue during vistation
I thought my [24f] husband [25m] was going to hit me last night:
How does one overcome survivor's guilt?
Target Practice For Your Heart - A Relationship After Abuse, Self Sabotaging Relationships & What I Have Learned
My mother assaulted by Jamie Ashcroft
Was this abuse? And did he learn his lesson?
How to get a protection order against my ex boyfriend who is stalking me?
I need some advice
My mother isn't feeding me. (I am 16)
Follow a mum's 8-year journey through financial, emotional and psychological domestic abuse
I'm sad that I don't feel anything for him anymore
Please Read All
I [F26] am at my wits end with my partner [M27] who i think is being abusive. Please help me.
why is there so much domestic violence in this world
My sister in in jail for the holidays for defending herself against an abuser.
My sister is a hero. she stopped a domestic violence victim. im not asking for donation just awareness.
I do not know what to do and I feel violent
Ex called me saying her new bf hit her
Parents fought. Mom depressed. Dad now in jail for 12 hours. We need to leave. What are our options? Whats going to happen?
Victim Impact Statement Help
Why am I still so obsessed?
Ex damaged my spine permanently
Speak out!
First time poster
Holidays Bring Added Pressure To Domestic Violence Victims
I just want to go back
I survived
Have I been ignoring red flags?
How do I get over this? I escaped five years ago yet I'm still a mess.
Back again
Officially one week out. Sending gratitude.
I am getting back with my once active alcoholic but now sober abusive husband but strangely, most people are okay with it except for one person.
Advice Please: I gave my husband information he doesn’t need
My mother is being abused by my sister. What can I do to help?
"Why do women stay with men who hit them" and other stupid shit the local sheriff said to me today
Prot. order disarmed woman, now she's vulnerable. Couple questions.
Curious about charges
Love's Not Enough: A Documentary (2017)
Emotional Abuse 30 Hidden Warning Signs • r/EmotionalAbuseSupport
How to get the guts to divorce ?
I just need to vent
Hi, my name's Chris. I know some things about security and privacy. Ask me anything!
A Film About Narcissistic Abuse [Official Trailer] Rise From the Ashes
How do I communicate to her?
Stop the System's Abuse
My story.
How much do parents arguing have an affect on their kids?
My daughter's father is getting out of prison in a few months says he has changed and wants to reconcile.
In Desperate Need of Guidance
Estranged friend reached out to announce engagement to abusive boyfriend
Parents fighting... mother goes into fits of rage against my father.... Don’t know what to do.
Tips on protecting myself
created a reddit profile hoping for some words of advice...
Actress Naya Rivera charged with domestic battery
Feeling lost....
Feeling Lost...
College student looking for the strength to leave
Update - That Honeymoon Phase
Did/does anyone else's abuse involve race?
article about DV situation in the UK
Divorce finalized; Anxiety about him coming after me
Cops
That Honeymoon Phase
Happy Thanksgiving.... what I'm grateful for as a survivor~~
How do I end this relationship? It's long. Bare with me. Tried posting in r/relationships but they deleted my post.
Speak Out To Prevent Violence Against Women - Includes a personal story and 9 ways you can approach a new relationship
I'm worried and very, very angry...
Vent/advice
I beat my wife n I still haven’t gone to jail for it
Anyone have experience with filing police reports but no arrests or charges granted to the perpetrator? How did you cope with it?
I desperately need to change.
I desperately need to change!
Cycle of doubt and regrets and dependance
Explaining gap in employment caused by abusive marriage
Disturbing the peace
Male Victim despises the system
I feel like it will never end. Not unless he kills me, imprisons me, or is imprisoned himself.
Lgbt . Feeling guilty & responsible
Just because an abuser hasn't been physical yet, doesn't mean he won't be. This story shows what can happen.
I [27F] want to leave my fiancé [27M] because he's emotionally abusive and is a functioning alcoholic.
Is this a form of abuse?
To anyone dating someone who has been in a abusive relationship
to press charges/file police report or not?
I physically abused my ex-fiancee and I hate myself for it because I've lost the best thing to happen to me
Stuck
I don't know how to help
My Ex's Dog
Maybe it's good she got to hurt me?
why is there so much domestic violence in this world
Why do I still miss him?
Would you call the police?
Anyone here have shared custody with their abusive Ex? Any advice on parallel parenting?
How do you handle your child’s birthday (and other holidays) when you are divorced from your abusive ex but they still have a father/kid relationship?
Can I move on and how.
Helping my mom in an abusive relationship
[rant] Thirty years on and he can still fuck with us. Will it end when he does?
Her Name Was Dalia Sabae: One Year Later and Her Name is Barely Used in the Coverage of her Death
How do I add "misinformation" - i.e. fake addresses, fake people who live at my real address, etc, a la _How to Disappear_?
I've always been successful removing my info from those info-gathering websites, but one of them has not removed my info and no one picks up at their phone number. Is there any way to legally force them to remove my info?
Trying to help someone, want to cover all bases.
What do you call it when your abuser does this; after you leave them?
How to Recognize the Signs of Domestic Violence
Helping someone that doesn't want it
Trying to overcoming domestic violenceなかめ
Why don't dv victims press charges on their abuser?
For years, I've wanted to publish an infographic , but I've putting it off until today. Now, I want to explore the topic of self-defense, violence b/c I lost a friend in 2003 to a stabbing on the steps of my former high school. I welcome constructive comments on when to use violence. Link in body.
Curious on ppl’s feelings about the shooting in Texas, shooter was a known domestic abuser
Help with dating a DV Survivor with TBI and is in Stage IV ILD
Help, Christchurch, New Zealand
Court Fees
Cant stop wondering and worrying (x-post r/alanon)
Me (17f) & bf (27m) [yes our relationship may look bad but it is legal here] got into a violent argument and my therapist reported it. . .
Domestic abuse and divorce
I finally got him to leave.
[RANT] - It's been over a year since I left my abuser, but I'm still healing and would like to share something
How to help my friend
My item got thrown out from my apartment
My best friend (20/F) is in a relationship with a man (22/M) that is "potentially" abusive. They're moving in together in 3 weeks. What can I do to help her?
How do I help her?
I can tell if people have been beaten as children, am I the only one?
signs of future abuse?
[WA] No contact order for DV being violated?
How domestic violence affects child custody
Dad charged with DV by state
I broke up with an abuseive non sexual friend
Ex partner arrested over trying to assault me; I am in shock
I need some advice for a friend stuck in an abusive marriage
Need advice for a friend
Lighting a purple candle for all the victims of domestic violence
Trapped
Is it possible to completely forgive? Looking for some advice
Damn
But he isn't a drug addict...
Weed, Robert Guillaume, and National Domestic Violence Awareness Month
In Need of help
Domestic Violence- It only gets worse.
I left after multiple close calls and now have lost everything, including my kids.
Gaslight , he almost hit a kid !
Please, tell me what to do,
Has anyone experienced this kind of abuse - trigger warning ⚠️
Sharing my domestic violence story online - Advice for sharing your own!
My girlfriend is being abused by her parents.
Need to rant
Alina Sheykhet was a pitt student murdered in her south oakland home on october 8th by her ex boyfriend. please consider signing this petition so we can provide more protection for women in violent situations like alina was. hopefully her death can save someone else's.
I need help
I finally broke up with my abusive ex. First two weeks I coped OK. Now I feel awful - pain in my chest, cant concentrate.
I need Help please someone out there help me
Advice on self-healing and moving on
Need advice about abusive relationship
Iowa Tries A New Domestic Violence Intervention: Mindfulness
Invited to speak at a domestic violence support group.
I live with my sister and her boyfriend. Yesterday, he got physically violent with her and now she doesn’t want me to tell our family (including our mom who lives ten minutes away) and he’s still in our house.
I feel like my new relationship is emotionally manipulative and potentially abusive and I don't know what to do
Wife starts argument, starts breaking my things, then goads me into a fight
Feeling guilty
Can my abuser get his case dismissed and expunged in Veteran's court?
Financially Dependent
Is it a good thing to try and write down everything I remember happening with my ex?
why is there so much domestic violence in this world
Why?
Not a Victim
Simone 'Coco' McKay shot to death on her front porch, just blocks from Chicago State, where she was a student
So disappointed in our justice system.
Do I invite my daughter’s father to her first birthday party?
I feel so lost
Dating afterwards advice...
She's letting him come back...
This isn't as extreme as a lot of posts here, but.
Does anyone else have this problem.
How to End Domestic Abuse
[deleted by user]
October is Domestic Violence Awareness Month. Observe DVAM by celebrating domestic-violence survivors and connecting those who aim to end violence. #DVAM
Need advice
SWIM was recently a victim - UK legal advice
Is anyone else strangely upset that the "me too" posts don't include domestic violence?
Domestic Violence: When you spend the 'abusive'/post-grooming period of the relationship grieving the loss of your 'relationship' (the lovely, non-abusive one, how it was 'before') and spend the typical post breakup blues period battling depression, PTSD, and trying to stay safe.
My thoughts on leaving an abusive relationship
Tired of doing this
standing on the edge
I don't see a way out.
Are there any safety apps that will contact police instead of just "friends and family"? I don't have anyone in my life right now whom I feel comfortable asking to be on standby like that.
Thinking of changing my name to something VERY common to help prevent any future stalking incidents, make it more difficult for people to find out where I live, etc. Is this is a good idea?
Can I get a restraining order against a guy who keeps emailing me after I told him to stop and had police call him? He threatened me ~4 years ago but since then has stopped calling, just emails me on my birthday every year.
I witnessed domestic violence and the police couldnt do anything
My friends keep inviting my abuser to outings.
How do you break the circle when you don’t want to split, but you both want to end the abuse? Therapy?
Women on Male? Does it exist?
As soon as I thought it was over
Fear
He Didn't Hit Me, But (Part 1)
My husband told me if he wanted to he could hack my phone and see everything I've done on it. Now I feel scared doing anything- even posting this.
Please I'm exhausted
Help..
Domestic Violence as a Lifestyle - The Next Day - Medium
Vent: My good old friend is the victim of a years long domestic violence relationship. The most frustrating thing is the victims fight the most to defend their beatings....
Domestic Violence CLUES!!!NEW BLOG**
My ex is stalking me online. I need to find out how so I can stop it from continuing.
19f, feeling crushed after two outbursts from my 19m (ex?)boyfriend [TL;DR at the top of the post]
Awful experience in court for Order of Protection
First female/female relationship: she left bruises in the shape of her fingers on my arms and legs.
Order of protection
Time to leave this glass bottle of fear
Words to keep you strong
Does this look like a manufacturer error?
Experienced intimate partner violence by two or more partners? We are offering $25 for interviews.
My fight against domestic violence and abuse.
I'm accused
Love is respect - dealing with shame after abuse. I’m not sure if this has ever been shared before, but it’s been helpful to me, especially when I feel shame about being a survivor. I just want to pass this along to anyone who may be struggling with this as well.
Can I fix it?
First non-abusive relationship ever, and I have precisely zero understanding of how "weird" I'm being
Domestic Violence Campaign for WA State Survey
Concern for the little girl across the street...
Helping a friend
Recovering .... 'out' for now, but having trouble getting my life back
Why do I feel so guilty.
Don't know what to do
Am I (25F) in an abusive relationship with my boyfriend (26M)?
What is up with the "it's none of my business" mindset.
Wishing I wouldn't wake up
I'm an advocate trying to raise awareness!!
It’s always men.
Woman finds strength to stood up against DOMESTIC VIOLENCE
How surviving is hard.
I feel really lost right now
I think I’m in an abusive relationship..
What should I do?
An Update...
Boyfriend (31m) hit me and spit on me (27f) multiple times and much more verbal abuse.
Is my partner still abusive if he doesn't fit the cycle?
Recovering Survivor with PTSD--Seeking Survivors and Those Currently Struggling for Play Research
Research study on the experiences of survivors of intimate partner violence
I "fell"on my face...
Certain that mom is in an abusive relationship
Best Advocate Divorce Lawyers
Restraining order/order of protection hearing
The Truth About Marek Hajduczenia
What happens if I beat up my Dad at 16?
Female (22) Male (25) We have been dating for five years and the abuse has gotten worse.
It's not my place to fear for his new girlfriend but I do
I genuinely think he'll kill me, help me prevent that from happening
Can I press charges?
Are these early signs of abuse?
She Got Out of Jail and Wanted Her Stuff; I Feel Sick
Parents
ex-girlfriend doesn't trust me enough to return to me
Looking for support from people with similar experiences, after leaving abusive ex.
I'm a survivor. I'm a man*. Sorry.
Feeling guilt and depressed. He is in jail.
Unpacking after leaving my abusive relationship
He said I deserved it and that I'm a "sad sack of shit".
My friend is in an abusive spot, please help!
acquaintance's voice sounds like abuser's
[help] i live with my family who is physically and mentally abusing me and it's only getting worse.
I left my ex 2 years ago and I still can't get over it all.
i’m in love with my abuser
"Tiana" ...(Teen Prostitute Enduring Domestic Abuse. Will She Leave?)
Ex boyfriend was physically abusive when we were in college. I'm considering getting back together with him. Is it ever possible for abusers to completely recover / stop?
Free Give Away Best Spyderco Knife For Everybody - Mini Game
Can you get a different assistant district attorney to prosecute your domestic abuse case if you feel like he's on the side of your abuser?
Am I Abusive?
Blackmailing an abusive ex so I don't press charges against him?
There seems to be a trend with men beating on women around my area lately....
We're reading "why does he do that?" together and he says he'll sign up for an abuser program. Progress or just delaying the breakup again? We shall see.
Friend Abused, confided in me for advice, I don't know how I can help.
Help with safety planning
I feel like I have to talk about this, and I don't think it's even that "bad" but I'm trying to make sense of my last relationship
this shit is fuckin bullshit
I survived my abusive 1st marriage but I'm so happy now I'm scared it will change. How do I get over that?
I think the yelling has stopped for tonight.
Why do abusers try to convince their victims that they are also abusive?
Do I allow an abusive uncle to attend our Family Holidays?
I'm scared to s keep in my apartment. If I dfont ie it wasn't an accident
brother is very abusive
My sister is fleeing her physically abusive boyfriend. How can I help her?
I am very afraid of this man.
[CA] How I got a no contact three year restraining order and full custody of 2 yo daughter
Emotional abuse = domestic violence? Also - when is it rape?
How do I help a coworker?
Restraining order
Help me please!
How to help a friend
Seeking legal resources for A male who was beaten up by fiance, called 911, but I was arrested instead.
PlZ advise, living with drug addict boyfriend.
Charge my family member with domestic violence (help)
Is it ok if I still love her, even when she hits me?
Brother [29m] turning violent towards family
Mom needs help
Was told to post in this sub. Incident last night.
:(my dad is crazy I don't know what to do
Emotionally Drained
chilling read…Can You Imagine Being That Wife?
My mom is crazy. What do I do? Trigger warning...?
Are you being abused? Or anyone you know is? Share the message & stand up for your freedom
After suffering and reporting domestic violence, what is most important to you?
[deleted by user]
Not sure what I should do
Is it only physical abuse if the perpetrator is angry?
Trigger warning! One of the things that happened to me
How to hold an abuser accountable?
Meeting with Victim Witness-domestic assault case
"He then proceeded to rabbit-punch her in the back of the head – an illegal boxing technique considered especially heinous as it can damage the cervical vertebrae (and spinal cord) as well as detaching the victim’s brain from the brain stem."
How can i help my friend who's being abused?
Help for abuser?
Reporting suspicious sounds from the neighbors? Totally paralyzed, not sure what to do.
A friend of a close friend was badly beaten by her boyfriend so badly she got a concussion, and is now uprooting and moving across the country for a DV center. When I talked to my friend, she said the girl didn't press charges because she was "embarrassed." I think she really should though.
Tough story with and between my parents, change is the only option.
Left Facebook to go NC, also had to leave my abuse group
I made him leave
YOUR HATEFUL SURVIVOR
hello everyone
Finding solace in the most tragic way.
My mom [47f] was grabbed by the throat by her boyfriend (Not sure of age) and she cut him while I [13m] was in my room
I don't know if this fits here.
My neighbors just had a loud, violent argument--what can/should I do?
KCMO support groups or counseling?
I (33/f) pressed charges on my now ex (33/m) for domestic violence in the state of California. I have some questions. Maybe some of you can help.
How do you stop being angry?
I can't take being abused anymore. This isn't right.
Late-Night’s Obscene Normalization of Floyd Mayweather
Choosing The Best Window Cleaning Company Hammersmith.
To Love a Demon (sorry...long)
Shehariah Johnson a survivor of domestic violence. Hear her story:
My wife kicked me in the stomach last night. Thoughts?
Abusive alcoholic father, help?
Please help my friend out - Go fund me
Can it get better?
How do I forgive him when he tried to kill me?
Caught in the middle - Volatile couple
Does this sound like abuse?
Powerless and confused employee looking for help
DV Survivor; GoFundMe for divorce.
I'm in a catch 22 situation, and I want to leave.
Is my boyfriend abusing me?
AMA I used to be an abusive husband. Both emotionally and physically to some extent. I now run an “Anger Management” course for men.
[CA] obtained DVRO, next steps?
Healing inside
[25F] - CA - reporting domestic violence to stepdad
What should I do with her property?
So I really need advice...
If you can't stop it then you deserve it
Unsure if (or how) to report possible/suspected domestic violence as a complete stranger.
I[17F] am scared of my brother[20M] violent reactions and outbursts.
Stop Teaching Young Girls That Abuse is Okay.
What if I’m Falsely Accused of Domestic Abuse or Violence?
My step father tried to kill me
Left 11 days ago, NC - but feeling really shaky
My story: domestic violence and my dad
...am I being abused? Please help (sorry, a little long, thank you so much if you read)
#StoryOfChange: Women should not live in fear, but act with courage, says domestic violence survivor
How can I help my sister?
Heartbroken
Being assaulted at a US Airbase
The Lying Black Wife Part 2,Fake Domestic Violence Charge,Lying in Court...
1988-Receiving The First Slap (of many dozens) from my Girlfriend in West Islip NY
The Lying Black Wife,Fake Domestic Violence Charge,Lying in Court to Scr...
Do abusers change?
How do you help a male friend of domestic violence?
I really need help. Any counseling or emotional support services available online?
How can I get my mum away from my Dad who abuses her and is very controlling.
Domestic Violence Resource Centre in Australia
Woolmarket: The Monster Within | The Story Treasure Chest
27 M NYC - Mother abuses me everyday and I want to escape. No friends or other family to rely on. I've been recording evidence. Advice? Resources?
Put my foot down
Popular youtuber just came out with her abuse story.. am worried about her and thinks she needs support from the community! Plus her dog almost died saving her life recently putting her in horrible debt!
Hi Reddit, My bestie [27 F] has a boyfriend [30 M] who makes her happy, when he's not in abuse patterns, raging, drunk, or manipulating her.(6 mos). She was abused as a child and in her last LTR. She's got a big heart and is now trying to save the relationship and make it work. What can she do?
Is this abuse?
Help me please, my dad is threatening me over my grades
Posted 2 years ago, wanted to update
Sooo, this is my first ever reddit post & I can't believe it's to this sub. I could have posted a short story, inspired a plethora of puns, or added a dog meme to brighten everyone's day and this is how I use my first post. FML.
I [25F] was shoved on stairs by boyfriend [30M]. Conflicted and wary, need outside input to help think this through.
the one thing that really drove me crazy
How can I help my abused friend?
Found this gem on r/nascar this morning. I'm tired of men thinking this is okay. :(
How to get rid of domestic violence
Girlfriend in trouble with ex
What is domestic violence ? ...for victims and abusers
The real truth in my opinion
kick off domestic violence from your society today
1988 West Islip NY - Heartbreak
I want to help my mom. I feel guilty for leaving her behind.
The Truth about Domestic Abuse - The BlueLine News
Father commits unrestrained domestic abuse against my mother, please help
I can't bring myself to call the hotline
I'm scared that I'm going to become a abuser
(Question)? I live with my abusive partner [M 16] please give me advice on what i [f17] can do?
What to do when your abusive ex is also your coworker?
Need help finding places to stay while driving cross country
Living with an abusive wife
Is this emotional abuse?
Men who are the Victims of DV are NOT taken seriously by Society
Thinking about going back
I'm A Survivor, Not A Victim
I beat my bitch to a fucking pulp all the time.
Need some clarity on the situation
How is an abuser having his lawyer send his victim a receipt for his retainer payment as an intimidation tactic not breaking the restraining order?
Friend needs help
Get out or get help?
Help please
am I a bad person?
im 6 years into a marriage with 2 babies under 3. My husband because very violent after first baby. Spitting in my face, throwing things, damaging house during his fits of rage-unprovoked. He is a heavy drinker and cannot handle "stress" how do I successful leave him?
UPDATE: Domestic abuse fiasco.
I feel trapped I just can't I need help
If I talk about how my mom is a victim of domestic violence with my coach, is she mandated to report that?
Family member is being abused and tortured, need help
Husband laid hands
I don't know if I'm [F35] in a domestic violence situation
Domestic abuse
So sad
Gaslighting is an insidious form of emotional exploitation that makes you question your own sanity. Spot the signs and discover if you are being manipulated.
Unsure
there is no such thing as Domestic Violence.
Domestic flight from Chicago
Mother of 3 survived an abusive marriage, now she and her children need a little help with their recovery
Getting Worse
Father has started to aggressively do things, I don't know if it counts as beating someone though?
Question
Help
Trying to help my mother with domestic abuse but I live far away?
Am I doomed to witness an endless cycle of abuse? (x-posted from /r/offmychest)
Not sure why this didn't post earlier. Need advice about helping my friend
Finally called the anonymous tip line for my friend. I don't know if I did the right thing.
The Double Standards In Domestic Violence
Can't sleep
Crazy now ex-gf is attempting to sabotage any and all acts of leading a normal life. I need help.
Crazy lady gets instant karma
Lost and Needing Help (Crossposted from RBN)
Police: Hebron man dropped woman on her neck, left her paralyzed
Please help if possible.
Who else is not ready to leave their abusive relationship?
from 4 years old to 13 I went through family violence until one day i spoke up
?traumatic brain injury? Is that an excuse?
My [26M] boyfriend grabbed and pulled me [25F] by the upper arm after I walked away from him during a heated argument. Am I overreacting or is this considered assault? More details in my post.
Charged with Assault, advice needed
Charged with child neglect because of dv
Should i report what i saw to the police?
why is there so much domestic violence in this world
Dating a domestic violence survivor help
Police Officer injured during domestic abuse call
#StoryOfChange: Read an inspiring and life-influencing story of Belia, a domestic violence survivor, who challenged gender stereotypes and is courageously pursuing her pursuit for justice
I need to talk
Unsure of what to do
First time post here, feeling a little uneasy, please bear with me
Really confused. And nowhere to go
In need of safe home for 2 weeks
Finding the Golden Goose in Abuse
Orlando radio DJ Russ Rollins domestic violence exposed, yet again, still nothing done.
For those who have left abusive relationships, do you still dream about your abusers?
What do I do?
Why I Left My Home
Former Childhood Victim
Domestic abuse music to stop these atrocious act
An Open Letter to my Brother on the Occasion of his Incarceration for Domestic Violence
An Open Letter to my Brother on the Occasion of his Incarceration for Domestic Violence
10 Signs you're being manipulated by a narcissist
Protecting Pets From Domestic Violence
What should I expect in my first counseling session?
Maybe I'm wrong about everything.
Please help rescue my daughter and grandson and bring them home to the US!
Liberty Tax CEO sued by ex-girlfriend claiming he shoved her down stairs
Single mother of 3 toddlers needs help after domestic violence abuse!
Out
What options are there for my friend? (Ontario)
My dad snap my finger and ask me to hit him I refuse to do so.
Dad try to snap my finger and provoke me into attacking him.
Would anyone like to help review a book about domestic violence?
Possible sexual assault next door
My girlfriend hits me.
Losing hope fast
I am being severely abused. I don't know what to do or where to post.
I am being abused.
I am being abused. I don't really know what to do or where to post.
Need advice to get him out
Older sister involved in a DV situation w/ husband, has an infant w/ him and moved to another state..
23/F My abusive stepmother hurt me really badly this evening. I don't know if I should press charges please help me.
Sentencing?
Anyone else have control issues? I have "rules" to follow now.
My abuser is in jail.
Get Rid of False Charges of Domestic Violence Against You
Father *sometimes* blows his top and is rough leaving bruises mostly the verbs abuse is the worst part. I would never take this to police, but it's not good for me so what's my option ?
He finally broke me down
having a hard time cutting contact with my very abusive ex boyfriend
Dating a DV survivor advice?
I just need someone to remind me I'm doing the right thing #nsfw
#NSFW I need help, boyfriend threatened to hurt me again
What should I do?
Dating a dv survivor, I reminded her of her ex
Please read this maybe you can help or spread the word about abuse
Options for my friend. (UK)
Anyone else used to getting blindsided by texts like this from their abuser for literally no reason? I literally live on edge and check my phone incessantly out of fear I'll not answer right away and send him into a tailspin. I hate this.
Need help with domestic violence charge
Husband 34m threatened to kill me 31f
23 F, severely depressed,lost and need to vent.
Was this abuse?
DV question in Ontario
Please share, and help.
Need to share my story... maybe then it'll let me go
Just need to vent. [25F]
Press charges or not???
Don't know what to do
Domestic Violence - Short Film
Childhood Trauma? (24m)
Five years and it still follows me
Please help me....i want him out now!
I think I'm in an abusive relationship..
Breaking the Silence: My story
UPDATE: He strangled me
Domestic violence victim needs help.
I want to know if this kind of act can qualify as domestic violence
Advice needed: Mediation with your abuser?
Trust your instincts [Long]
I just need to hear that I am doing the right thing in leaving.
Mom's bf jailed for domestic violence
Abused since I was young, now homeless and in need of help.
Hit my (ex)Girlfriend in self defense? Feel terrible.
Do I file?
Need help dealing with abusive Mom
Let's End Domestic Violence
Secret DV victim, I want my father gone!
My best friend is in a mentally and emotionally abusive relationship and has become reclusive. Is there anything I can do?
Legal Help
She's never coming back.
This woman complained about hearing her neighbors fight but her response shows how ignorant she really is. Can you hear hitting from another apartment?
She just went through domestic violence and now she's writing a book to inspire others! Vote for Shaizy to help her achieve this! VOTE: http://bit.ly/2qiMFHX She will write a poem to inspire you, as her way of saying thank you! (Comment below with your name and request)
My Father is driving me crazy
Partner Abuse is Real
Finding solace in the most tragic way.
I called the police on my neighbour, feeling terrible, should feel proud.
I'm gone
I beat my wife, just like my dad
Consensual Rape
Most Horriable Cases of Domestic Violence ever seen!
How do I help a friend
My grandmother is mentally abusing my grandfather in to literal madness... I don't know how to step in and help.
Me [30F] with my Husband [32M] 10yrs, different countries, jobless, with kids.
Support?
For those who've packed up and left a military spouse, how did you do it?
How to help my son (5) after leaving abusive husband
I fought domestic violence, and I won.
How to help as a support person. Please.
long distance friend stuck with abusive mother, how to help?
girlfriend (30) accusing me (29) of being abusive, unsympathetic, and unable to understand
My Dad Finally Admitted to Beating My Mom
Accidentally stabbed in hand preventing suicide - need advice
Help please
Husband is a green card holder and charged with domestic abuse and breaking restraining order, will he be deported?
My mind is going to explode.
Dealing with post-relationship slander?
An absurd love story
Auntie is suicidal over husbands abuse, I need to know how i can help.
I think my best friend could be with an abuser what should I do?
Abusive dad sends disturbing video to his ex
Moved from Relationship subreddit. Abusive ex blames me and everyone believes her
[deleted by user]
Ode To My Volcano (Triggers)
Numb
Emotional/physical abuse
What do I do
Continuation Of Video: Marrying Or Dating A Stalker And An Obsessive Com...
Neighbor is a victim of domestic violence but also beating her child at the same time. What do I do?
Abuse is about power and control
Together we can
Con man /Cheater/Drug addict /Construction in Sydney /Matthew Fraser
Say NO to ABUSE!
Please help
Domestic Violence: Where to Get Help
Should I give my abuser another chance?
PSA: If you have an Amazon Echo, read this before enabling Alexa Calling. It imports all numbers from your phone & does not let you block/delete contacts .
Woke up covered in nasty bruises. Need advice please.
Fighting Domestic Abuse
Ex LEO wrote book on domestic violence
This morning was my personal hell.
Need help with my wife domestic violence and cops involved.
I'm worried about my boyfriend. Please help me.
He seemed normal
feminism?
Stop Being A Victim Of Domestic Violence And Stand Up For Your Self Respect
He strangled me and I'm in desperate need of help
Left everything being for my children
DC protests on the GOPs proposed repeal?
Is it too late to Change My Mind??
I don't know if I should step in.
Keylogger/abuse software advertisements inside a post about domestic abuse. Is this selective? I closed and re-opened the thread twice and different ads for the same product were advertised. This is scary.
My brother is beaten by my dad. I am depressed and almost want to kill myself. I'm lost and helpless.
Victims Memoirs
Domestic Violence Reports to Police Exceed General Violent Crime-But 600,000 Unreported Each Year
Why is he obsessed with dominance
my sunshine on a cloudy day
My sunshine
My sunshine
Nightmare to reality
I hate him
Nightmare to reality
Lies
[22F] with husband[21M] who hurts me. And we have a child together.
Vlog: When They Don't Believe You
Financial security after ending an abusive relationship...what to do?
NEW: Domestic Terrorist Bill Ayers Working With ANTIFA Terrorist Group
Order or Send a Self-Defense Kit Anonymously
I am fuming after reading this and listening to the videos made me cry (trigger warning)
Please fill out ❤️❤️❤️
Need advice and support, traumatic incident last night
I'm having a hard day and just need to talk
Crazy abuse thing yesterday between my 50 year old parents
How can I help my mum?
Indiana University Just Banned Student Athletes with Domestic Violence Past
In need of some help for someone who has suffered abuse
A message i just sent to my friends/family
Why I Stayed in an Abusive Marriage for 12 Years
Asking me to massage his back in the middle of the night, is it abuse?
Indian Silicon Valley CEO Assaults Wife For 10 Yrs, Gets Off With Jail Time Of Just 30 Days
Is life actually tough after a felony domestic assault conviction?
The police will make things worse
Has anyone ever successfully resolved an abusive situation through dialogue?
Help
My hubby is so mean
19 year old viciously attacked! Please help her
Male or female, even if you feel there isn't a way out please try, reach out to someone I beg you, shelter or hotline, friend or family member, These beautiful ladies were amazing people, miss them everyday.. *April 2010 *May 2012 *December 2016
The abuse is starting again
Me and my mom need help.
[Advice] How to be supportive of a male friend when learning about his domestic violence nightmare?
Father of murdered daughter needs help with funeral expenses
Advice
I answered a phone call from my ex... he wants to see me again
Is my boyfriend a danger to me?
Is my boyfriend a danger to me?
The 'next' guy after a DV relationship. Need tips.
So close to being free from my abusive ex
Tonight
Pets in a domestic abuse relationship
iPhone help after DV
Audiences Agree, Rape Culture Needs to End.
Brave domestic violence victim speaks up to share her story of abuse
Help Domestic Violence Survivor
Domestic abuse and violence: Why you need to leave.
I'm not really sure where to post this or where I stand. But here seems like a good start.
Hi, are male victims welcome here?
Gave him a chance, guess what happened?
What to Do in Domestic Violence Situations
i need help with the domestic violence im suffering
I've been through domestic violence in my family for years but how do i report ?
My parents have been abusing me , how do i report them to the police or support hotline ?
Need advice, dealing w/ alcoholic parent and need to leave
Abuser wants divorce and I don't!
The Perfect Man
Part 2 of my story
Why Does She Stay?
Surviving the Violence
Part one of two
Part on3 of my story
Is it possible that I can share my story?
My mom and step dad seem as though they have started doing meth and I'm very scared for my family
Domestic Violence on Livestream
I want to stay but I need closure first
Dad's hostile girlfriend won't leave
Incident Log Book: Stalking, Harassment and Domestic Abuse
Research opportunity for 18-25 year olds who have had experiences of relationship abuse
I suspect someone is a victim of domestic violence, what should I do?
What are the Challenges an Attorney Face in a Domestic Violence Case
Recovery advice for a [21F] moving past a relationship with a narcissistic sociopath
I needed to put this somewhere..
I have nowhere else to put this.
My now ex boyfriend beat me out of nowhere
Myths about domestic violence
Artist looking to start a series on abuse
Misdemeanor Property Crime Attorneys
Was it a mutually abusive relationship?
male victims of domestic abuse
Dealing with verbally abusive parent while home for spring break?
My father abuses my mother - seeking advice
What to Do About Teen Sexual Violence
male sufferers of domestic abuse.
Research Request
I don't know what to feel anymore, can somebody help me understand a few things?
Need someone to talk to...
Relationship with abuser's family (in-laws, etc.)?
Not sure what to think, feel, react, or move forward...
Big Little Lies
Don't know how to move on
Donations called for Edmonton grandmother who was allegedly set on fire by partner
I couldn't leave my abuser, I loved him
Domestic Abuse Questions.
Is this a useful site for you? Is there anything we can do to make it better?
My mom seems to really hate me.
Emotional Abuse. I have no money and no transportation
Am I to blame? Should I stay?
No Way Out
http://drugsanddomesticabuse.com/2017/03/08/cyberstalking-and-defamation/
Stop the pro-violence propagation
DV Survivor: Part Three
DV Survivor: Part Two
Seemingly double standard for male victims in legal system
Here is a piece of my story...if you're interested
DV Survivor Story: Part One
Me (20F) and my (29M) boyfriend never get along anymore.. I need advice.
If you are 18-25 years old and have been in a relationship where you experienced abuse please take part in this important research by completing a short online survey! Www.therepairproject.wordpress.com
Confessions of an Abuser
It doesn't get better, does it?
When did you start to feel "okay" again?
"ABUSED" SHORT FILM
Man rushed to hospital after stabbing attack west of Townsville, “Domestic and family related violence is not limited to any specific demographic” Says Acting Superintendent Damien Crosby
Patrick Stewart gives passionate response to question about domestic violence At Comicpalooza 2013
Do the little compulsions ever go away?
Dad here (45).. should I pay him(23) a visit?
Relationship issues interacting with others we care for under stress
Brutal domestic attack caught on CCTV - BBC News
Brother makes life hell for mother.
Meet the world's first Ultimate Toolkit against sexual harassment
The Truth about Domestic Violence in the American Society
Hoping someone wants to talk.
Domestic Violence Books and News
Safety and security tips for domestic violence situations (please add any others you can think of)
Sara Niles on a Mission to Stop Dysfunction
Sharing my story for the first time..nervous
I think my[19 M] Father [50's M] is abusive, what should I do?
(30M) Redemption for an abuser? (x-post /abuse)
Domestic Violence Defense Lawyers
Criminal Trial Coming Up
Not your toy anymore
Introducing the world's first Ultimate Toolkit against sexual harassment (would love to hear your thoughts)
Husband claims to be werewolf
My story of being assaulted and taken to jail
I was beaten by my child's father after trying to leave the relationship. He called the police on me and said I stabbed him. They arrested me with out finding a weapon and 2 years later I am still trying to get my child back from his horrible family.
My friend is an unfathomable idiot
Very Concerned for A Friend. Need Advice on What to do and What to Think.
Computer security in domestic violence shelters
I wrote an article on realising that I have been in an abusive relationship and has it published. I hope it helps people realise that not all abuse is physical.
My Torture Story [TRIGGER WARNING!] - A Playlist of Vlogs Sharing About my Abuse to Raise Awareness and Offer Support
A REAL Feminist Doesn't Support Chris Brown
My psycho ex boyfriend
Having a really hard time coping. Any one else struggle with going no contact?
If my coworkers knew the shit I put up with in my personal life...
Recovering from Abuse in a New Relationship
Gf's sister's husband
I had a dream about her last night.
Is it ok to talk about domestic violence when it's a woman being the abusive one?
It's finally over.
Act Risk No More | Voices of Abuse (True Stories)
Recently ended an emotionally/mentally abusive relationship, need guidance on the next steps to take
May I tell your story?
Controlling
Husband too violent to divorce
May I post a go fund me for a loved one that lost her life to domistic violence? I don't know the rules here.
This Girl's Heartwrenching Story About Domestic Violence Shows Us The Importance of Mental Health
Commercial Domestic Investigations
Mother works at Liquor Store, woman came in and confided to her that her husband is a physically abusive alcoholic. My mom didn't ask for her name or contact info. What can my mom do if she sees this woman again?
Dragging my feet
Seeking help for my mother.
I (33F) am still in love with abusive ex (53M)
Report domestic violence to landlord? Got involved in dispute and personal security in question
I (20F) got beat up by SO (19M) last night
How do I make ex GF see sense
I (26|M) just was punched and broken up with for the second time in a row
Am I just as bad? Or did I deserve it?
35 (M) exbf. I need to confess and fix the problem. I got physical with my ex.
I (29M) recently broke up with my GF (25F). Am I a victim of abuse?
Solicitors for Domestic Violence on a Great Demand
My abusive relationship is over but it feels likes its not.
Level of Domestic Violence Offense to Maintain Law and Order
Ama: why I didn't "fight harder"
Guys, I advise you this free and well trusted Internet dating site which will help you to find a girl for your interest
Domestic violence Awareness S.I.P CLASSIE V. MIXON
Opinions on this situation please
An extremely brave student came to me to tell her tale of domestic abuse. Please give her powerful narrative a read, it's well worth your time.
the beak of a vulture: poem article and fine art
Madeline20
singled out
Help - am I really that bad off?
What should I do?
Need advice: restraining order hearing in 4 days against daughters ex bf
To The Girl In An Abusive Relationship
Today my bf(36m) got mad at me (24f) and started calling me mean things like "dumb and fucking ugly" and "a piece of shit" before kicking me out of his car 10mi from home. (Xpost from r/relationships)
I'm worried for my friend, and I don't know what I can do.
Sarah
I need help supporting my friend. I need help for myself.
Rus Porn
Fuck me in the ass
How do you keep yourself sane?
I left and am safe!
Are there any anger management/counseling success stories? Please help.
Abusive Wife
Why do I miss him?
Read The Methods And Curricula Of Court Ordered Domestic Violence Classes Online
Worried that my situation may turn violent but unsure if this is the place to seek advice
I don't know what to do about my roommate's girlfriend.
I [22M] am worried that my best friend [23m] is beating his girlfriend [22F]
I (29 M) recently ended a relationship with my GF (25 F). Am I a victim of emotional abuse?
Don’t Suffer Any Form Of Domestic Violence, Fight Back
My GFs mom is getting abused by her stepdad and I need advice.
I leave tomorrow
Please help me leave him.
Accidentally came across a website that has resources for people escaping these types of situations (MN based though). Is it cool if I post the link here?
I made my sister leave her abusive husband. Why do I feel guilty?
My GFs mom is getting abused by her stepdad. What should we do ?
What are some specific ways that the abuser might find out that someone's trying to leave? What can that person do to hide their intentions?
My friend's father is physically abusive
I didn't tell my bf that I bought candy while I was out, and that caused a huge argument.
My sister in need of help .
Need advice for helping someone with domestic abuse
Neighbour Yelling and Flipping Furniture [Need Advice]
My ex of four years was emotionally abusive and it lead to sexual violence. I was going through old pictures and found the last time he texted me. I want to punch something.
[Possible trigger in photos] I Just wanted to be intimate. I just wanted to make love. This is the result.
My baby's "father" is an abuser. Threatening court. Any advice?
Help Needed
Has anyone ever turned around a toxic relationship?
Has anyone every reported the violence from their partner to a university? What happened ?
My ex boyfriend raped me and today I told a professional about it. I didn't understand how he could do that after four years, so she showed me this and explained domestic abuse. I feel guilty because others have it much worse, and I feel like I'm minimizing their trauma.
Why does my life have to be ruined in the process?
Help Domestic Abuse Survivor
Children of Domestic Violence
Weed laced with other drugs? Help
If I call the police he will violate probation and go to jail for a very long time.
Advice needed
I feel like a burden to my friends but I just need someone to talk to
Is this just a fight, or abuse, or both? Should I report this?
Help for Domestic Abuse Survivor #domesticabuse #domesticviolence #DVsurvivor
Is my life going to be ruined?
I Got Out!
Still wondering why he crosses my mind even after 9 months of being broken up?
STOP DOMESTIC VIOLENCE AND ABUSING WOMEN ON REPUBLIC DAY (PLEASE SHARE)
Should I worry?
Mother + Boyfriend Arrested Trophy
I survived abuse and so can you
He hasn't hit us yet
My husband verbally abuses me, but I can’t leave him unless I can take my dog with me.
How to handle my abusive ex boyfriend?
Do you laugh at male victims of domestic abuse?
It had been over for a month.
Let's Talk Domestic Violence
Help from those with experience with escalating domestic violence
I'm ashamed for staying in this abusive marriage
My best friend, Laura, is fighting her own battle with domestic violence, please help us
My sister needs help. Please point me in a direction to help her.
My best friend Laura's personal battle with DV
Laura's personal fight against DV
I left my narcissistic bf. Nightmares and depression.
Punched
I feel like I can't breathe...
How can I offer support to my aunt?
Debating on whether I should leave
Beater
Why do I feel guilty still? And why the hell do I want him back?
WHERE'S CAPPI NOW? Walk Across America
Story Time: My Domestic Violence Story
Тhe intеrnet sex dating site found girl for Seх
Father with sociopathic traits now becoming criminal
I want to help!
Abuser arrested tonight
How Oppose Illegal Video or Audio Recordings in DV and Other Family Law Proceedings?
friends stepdad is a cop and hes beating her brutally every night. Police are protecting him and refusing to do anything about it
My [28/M] boyfriend [44/M] keeps breaking up with me whenever he gets upset
I have an abusive father.
Amazing moroccan beauty tutorial against domestic violence
A survey for children who are growing up or grew up surrounded by domestic violence. It is completely anonymous. Thank you
A survey for any children who are growing up or grew up surrounded by domestic violence. Thank you. https://docs.google.com/a/ocsbstudent.ca/forms/d/1rqrVHYamR8gvtkTCghvXCLd-HMx6V4Vr2m4ACgSXixM/edit
Is it domestic violence if my parents are hurt too...
I'm feeling lost and confused and I hate myself
Help please .
Is verbal/emotional abuse that won't escalate to physical abuse still considered domestic violence?
in need of support
commercial domestic investigations Review
Is it common for victims of domestic violence to 'brag' about the past abuse they suffered?
help with helping a friend
Excluding evidence outside pleadings, including DV 'incidents'
Ft. Lauderdale Gunman Esteban Santiago Was Being Prosecuted for Strangling His Girlfriend
My boyfriend chocked me yesterday
I want to leave, but I don't know how.
My Husband Beat Me UP Because I don't Want Him to Smoke Weed :'(
Neon Series (a story about domestic violence and abusive relationships)
My life matters
I'm desperate for answers
20/20 hindsight
Help with personal finances (debt) after an abusive relationship
From emotional control to strangling
DOMESTIC VIOLENCE Melbourne
I feel like I'm in limbo and not sure how to change it, or if I really want to.
The man who claimed he helped me through my mental health. This ex will stay my ex.
Abuser moved to my hometown
#BeatingWomenisHapiness
Why my ex will stay my ex. The man who claims he helped me with my mental health.
Domestic abuse in law enforcement families nearly double national average. Really?
concerned about mother-in-law and her otherwise perfect live-in boyfriend
My neighbor's a wife beater, how do I help?
My awesome holidays
I need help!
Found out my father is a pedophile, need some advice
the abuser is gone now, how do I tell my young son?
It hurts so much
I am a failure
Flying for the first time in almost 15 years this week
Post-night out anxiety
Having a bad anixety attack....
Unraveling...
Anxiety is back and bad after a few years without major issues
Antidepressants don't work, wellbutrin doesn't work, cant stay on benzos. What else is left?
I hate school.
What is a Generalized Anxiety Disorder?
DAE constantly feel like they are about to die?
What is a Generalized Anxiety Disorder?
I haven't had a panic attack in 4 months!
Getting my ears cleaned tomorrow - feeling super apprehensive
Headspace anxiety meditations
Had a few better hours today,but.
Cymbalta/Duloxetine Withdrawal, help please?
Does anyone hear voices screaming whenever they’re super anxious?
Big Step in Overcoming my Executive Dysfunction!
How do I learn to go out by my own again?
For 5 years during my undergrad and Master's I was held back by anxiety. Now that I've graduated, my friends and I have started a nonprofit research organization dedicated to funding MH and anxiety research by young scholars. We think we might be able to offer some help.
Is there a good place to chat with other people with anxiety?
Is this disassociating?
Feel really guilty and anxious after night drinking
Does anyone else randomly relive embarrassing moments?
Anxiety over big purchases and financial mistakes are crushing me and I can’t sleep
Why the hell do I always feel like shit when I tell someone that they hurt my feelings?
How do ya'll ease your debt anxiety?
Messed up my first ever date.
I hope this video will help you!
Replaying situation in my head
Whenever I’m playing video games my anxiety disappears
Anxiety and Notifications
Have you felt nervous after the real pressure was over?
I'm going to fail my study abroad year because I'm too anxious to go to class
New meds and brain fog came back worse than before
First experience with edibles last night. It was... interesting.
Anyone else suffer with low blood sugar often?
Sleep Music - Ambient Sounds & Soft Music for Deep Relaxing Sleep with Space Images
Dissociation and anxiety spiral ?
Anxiety, School, Work, Daily Life
I saw this on Facebook and thought I would share it here. We are stronger than we think.
Please help me out. My gf has anxiety and idk how to help her.
Mantra to snap back away from thoughts
Anyone hates driving a car
Legs are itching. Guess I'll die again.
Social Media and Anxiety
How I overcame anxiety
Manager bf (22m) had innapropriate boundaries with female coworker (21f). She quit now hes trying to work at her store??
Everything is tiring isn’t it? :p
Starting my treatment with benzodiazepines
Genuine fear of consequences
Thinking of getting a weighted blanket
Sometimes I get anxiety about the thought that by every day I get older
Has anybody experienced disassociation after an incredibly stressful incident?
Time passing
How do you deal with anxiety over sending messages to the wrong person?
I made this playlist to listen to when I'm feeling very anxious and need to calm down. I hope it helps one of you.
Ha
Whats wrong with me?
Need help with workplace anxiety and stress – lengthy post - possible pure OCD issue - Long post!
Ha
[deleted by user]
Thinking about meds
Anxiety in the bedroom and fear of saying no
Mindfulnes ideas ..!!!
International Anxiety & Stress Support Forum
If i sleep i’m going to die
Heart palpitations
Cbd oil... Is it worth risking getting clean from benzos?
I feel so alone and anxious
If you need someone to talk to & someone supportive, try this website
Anxiety and Other Stressors - Behold a New International Anxiety and Stress Support online Forum is Here.
My Sister is having anxiety during drivers ed classes, how can I support her?
Numbness and tingling sensations EXPLAINED
Find if extremely hard to enjoy being around people
How to deal with the chest pain?
Have You Tried CBD For Anxiety Or Know Someone Who Has?
My wife suffers from Anxiety Disorder. It is killing our marriage and I don't know what to do.
Time why wont u go any faster
Friends talking behind my back,too awkward and scared to talk to other people, also scared of being alone fml
Has anyone tried lexapro?
Anyone else want to kill themselves the day after drinking?
Curious about experiences with med
Soothing Ambient Music to have in the Background while you Fall Asleep - with Outer Space Images
panicking fuck
My stomach hurts so, so much
Fuck anxiety
It really helps to stay in the present moment. But i cant help but think, what if something bad happens today? How do you live in the present with that thought?
DAE experience migraines after an emotional situation..
OSHA Safety Pro: Trenching Excavation & Soil Mechanics is Now Black Friday 50% off
Does anyone else always see/hear what happens to other people, panic, and think "Yep, I'd rather kill myself than having to experience X"?
Wanting to go to therapy, don’t know where to start... afraid of it affecting my future jobs..?
Seeing a therapist soon and I want to be prepared
How do you manage haunting memories?
just a tip
Cant do presentation at college and will fail class
Does anyone ever feel like they stop breathing momentarily?
Awful anxiety at night.
my anxiety has cornered me and i think it’s too late to escape
Having anxiety, worried it may get worse can someone please try and talk sense into me and calm me down?
It's going around.
Protip: If you have health anxiety do not look up what mental illnesses might have.
curcumin supplement and vegetable diet with turmeric and ginger etc has been very helpful for me. Givenit a try!
Been on Lexapro for 3 weeks feeling good minus one bit
Looking for guidance/advice
Can’t Sleep...
We all know anxiety is a bitch but let’s try to find a positive that came from it!
Everything I do is so exhausting. Especially relationships.
What are some of the best audio books that have helped with your anxiety?
Just had my first panic attack and wow...
Need help trusting my doctor and my holter monitor results
Can't I be Human ???
My heartbeat makes me anxious
Feel like a disappointment.
My stomach is starting to tighten up
Chickened out of going to church tonight
Want to leave a meetup
premature ejaculation and SSRIs question
Gag yourself 4x
Recently put on Effexor, having really bad anxiety right now.
Effects of alcohol when taking Sertraline?
Anxiety allostatic load your thoughts
Am I Alone?
HYPERSENSITIVITY and constant body checking - why?
Help distract me please?
I'm low key freaking out at a concert and I'm so disappointed in myself.
Maybe a bit controversial, not intentional at all to cause a stir, I promise
Went to the self checkout, and the attendant called me over to have him check me out instead.
After over a decade of extreme anxiety, bouts of depression, and chemical/alcohol dependency that almost killed me last week, I’m still here, sober, and finally getting help. (Added the TW for picture of my arm healing after attempted suicide)
Do you know your underlying reasons that why your anxiety disorder is developed?
Embarrassed to get help
I Feel Like The Apocalypse Is Here
Not wanting to let go of anxiety and hypervigilance
Crazy Chills and hot flash afer panic attack
Violently ill from beta blocker Propranolol
I fear I may be slipping into an eating disorder.
Had to leave my friends 18th birthday party because of a terrible anxiety attack.
Whenever I completely relax my shoulders it FEELS like someone behind me is watching me (not delusional)
A couple DAE questions I have regarding symptoms
Am I experiencing Xanax withdrawals? Or can it be my anxiety and panic attacks?
nerves as fried as the rest of california
Probably about to lose my job.
Lexapro (Escitalopram) review for Anxiety
Someone told me that I don’t have anxiety and it’s just a feeling I can will away. I’m not sure how to respond?
Causes of Chronic Chest Pain
Can’t cry on medication
Might go. To. Urgent care. For heart attack
Weird medication side effects.
shaky hands
Health Anxiety is a Bitch.
Fear of dying
Weird vision
Chest aches, especially when taking deep breathes
Feeling frustrated and tired of this
Should I use drugs?
I can't face my family.
Does anyone else feel like they don’t deserve the life they have?
Anyone free to talk?
New mental health blog
Need Help With Health Anxiety.
Advice on eating
Need help with health anxiety.
In this season
College Applications and HS Classes on 6 hours of sleep
What can I do to make this better? The constant worry is getting really old.
I feel debilitating anxiety around my co-workers
Anyone else hate how the media/politicians scare us about things that we can do NOTHING about?
When someone or something changes my plans for the day I lose it
I'm so sick of these anxiety cycles
Need advice: my boyfriend is writing his PhD dissertation and dealing with overwhelming anxiety about his (and our) future
Most times when I (27F) wake up in the middle of the night, I end up having a panic attack, what is causing this?
DAE feel extreme anxiety a few hours before they go to work?
Any advice on calming your brain down after an anxiety attack?
Does anyone of you see the world static-y too?
Positive stories on getting your brain back healthy? My chronic stmulant abuse over the last 5 years has left me basically brain dead no memory obsessive thoughts paranoid anxiety the list goes on.. wish I knew the dangers off drugs
any tips for dealing with derealization in a public place?
When I smoke weed I feel like my friend is conspiring against me
Does anyone else feel like you're being stared at when going out in public?
Anyone tried Valium and was it effective?
I don't feel the same after an alcohol binge/incredibly stressful incident, has anybody else experienced this?
Need to vent
Guests
10 Things Not to Say to Someone with Anxiety
Looking...
Thoughts?
I don't know what to do
Does anyone else feel like everything is so much better when you're showering?
All my anxiety is gut related
Our deepest fears are like dragons... [Panic Attacks]
Breathing difficulty, shortness of breath, cough
I experienced one of my worst case scenarios for social anxiety triggers but somehow comedically made it through the situation without a full-blown panic attack. What is anything?
Relate relate relate relate
Experienced one of my worst nightmares
Change of location
Im anxiety becouse Because Im unemployed and I have four children? Im 33 years old. And no body support me, I not have home or salary!!??
Afraid of remedy wearing off
I’m getting ignored, when I need help the most.
Does anyone else feel the need to be anxious?
Stepped on a rusty nail and panicking.
Video #3 Mind Bending Language Mastery: Driving Questions
[deleted by user]
Why is my brain this way? Really??
Understanding The Link Between Sleep And Anxiety, And Other Findings From The Neuroscience Of Sleep|Google
Random Appreciation Post : Hey People! Its my first time on r/Anxiety and seeing so many people with the same "thing" makes me feel sublime. Thank you!
What does this recurring thought say about me? (TW death)
I'm struggling
A little advice would help
Party
Is this more paranoia than anxiety (or is it the same thing)
Can anxiety cause eye pain?
I’m actually happy I have anxiety
Telltale SIGNS you may have HEALTH ANXIETY! (HYPOCHONDRIA)
Hyper Minimalist Relaxation!
Social Media Anxiety Posts?
My coping mechanism
I’ve never been here before but...
I reached out for help during a panic attack
Finally getting to see a therapist
What if
Anxiety related compulsive chest scratching
I hate that lecture participation is part of my mark.
Sometimes the world looks beautiful when you have derealization
Smoke in SF & worry
Medicinal Benefits of Calendula (Calendula officinalis)
The Importance of Anxiety Treatment
On a date right now and I’m proud of myself
Having to watch my friend deal with an emotionally abusive SO. I’ve done all I can.
Why do I still have pretty bad social anxiety even if I'm taking the max dosage of an SSRI (Zoloft)?
My First Panic Attack (Why I'm Proud of It)
I'm playing a game with my friends and I'm freaking out.
Any advice for dealing with relationship anxiety?
Had to take a stick day from work
How to ask for accommodations without sounding like an asshole?
Opened the dishwasher
Concerta saved my life.
Clonazolam and etizolam helps with me and my Friends with anxiety. Works great just need a few drops.
Thinking about something other than myself for a change...
How does anxiety feel to you?
I’ve been fighting one all day. Not sure I’ve pulled out of it but I’m trying. Reading your posts helps me though. Keep fighting the good fight!
When I am anxious I nonstop openning Instagram
How did you know it was time to up your dose?
Ran today and felt much more relaxed for the next couple hours.
Fear of impending doom and having to live life
I messed up a job interview and I feel like shit
What was your first big anxiety trigger?
I am pretty sure I'm going to get fired.
How do i cope with anxiety and frequent panic attacks?
I cant stop worrying
Anyone else get vertigo while feeling anxious?
Oh shit what do I say he's left me on read for an hour
Anxiety and my wife
What are some ways of getting your brain to understand what’s gong on right now?
Anxiety has created an alternate reality inside of my head where all of my worst fears come true
OK guys, I found how to deal with brain fog!!!
Is anyone terrified of bloodwork?
Played drinking game with friends which involved sharing a fetish.
My Anxiety is feeding my suicidal thoughts
If you're suffering from intrusive and obsessive thoughts, particularly over and ex, then read on
My friend has anxiety disorder
Short flight but still some anxiety
It has no face but its always watching me
Lack of motivation causing me to be so anxious and depressed
It has no face but its always watching me
Worried I’m a pedophile because I just happened to look at an underage girls ass and had a weird thought:(
I've spent the past 5 years in Uni being held back by crippling anxiety disorders. Last month, my friends and I started a nonprofit sponsoring and summarizing mental health and anxiety research in Canada. We think it may be of some benefit to you fine folks.
Obsession and Fear over my mortality...and turning 30
I can't even build up the courage to ask the person living above me to be quiet.
Chest pains caused by anxiety?
Being myself causes anxiety
DAE have anxiety about what other people think of other people?
Not sure
Trembling
Overcoming Anxiety in the Workplace
How to stop judging myself when I look at the mirror
Anxiety is the one thing stopping me from seeking help for anxiety.
Which anxiety med should I ask for?
Developing a Fear of Death After a Panic Attack?
Help! I live alone and I'm going mad with my anxious thoughts
Worried I’m becoming too suggestible
Intrusive thoughts
[Sleep Meditation] – Calming Music for Stress & Insomnia Relief – Fall Asleep Fast & Sweet Dreams
Anxiety is turning what I love into...well...anxiety : (
I love you
Anxious about not having control over my future (love/family life mainly)
I just embarrassed myself so badly to my boss
Work related anxiety
I'm experiencing a ton of anxiety and I don't know what to do
How do I deal with someone not replying to my text?
if i do OK (non-stupid) things when drunk and nothing bad happens, why shouldn't i do it without alcohol?
Anxious about problems that a therapist can't solve.
How does your S/O deal with your anxiety? Personal Experiences
People of power anxiety?
Chewing bubblegum increases my anxiety
Even my "friends" hate me
Does anyone else get bad anxiety about calling out of work?
Anxiety about people knowing about my anxiety
I caught the flu but I’m too anxious to call my work and tell them I can’t come in for the second day in a row
Found on Wholesome Memes
I feel at my worst...
All my friends is passing interviews while me (21M) never succeed even once.
Difficulty falling asleep and staying asleep
Manager called me in about something personal, how do I face work now?
Does anyone else hate going to public places because they feel like everyone is staring and laughing at them?
How do I stop this feeling?
Does anyone else get nightmares ?
Does anyone else worry about things happening just because they heard about it elsewhere?
What techniques or online resources and videos do you watch for your anxiety?
Does anyone else find that holding an item or squeezing something in your palm helps your anxiety?
Problems with my psychic
Do I have anxiety?
It’s 10am and I’ve barely slept all night. How can I lessen the horrible waves of anxiety deep in my chest and stomach?
Need some support, im lost and dont know whats going on anymore
DAE struggle to tell the difference between symptoms from anxiety and symptoms from an illness?
What are your feelings about female nudity in movies? I find it trashy.
RANT about doctors
Listen to this Relaxing Background Music with Rain & Thunder Sounds
Heart palpitations all the time. New to this anxiety thing... EKG shows nothing.
Has anyone here tried 5HTP and CBD at some point?
Can't get to sleep because I'm having an anxiety attack
Can't sleep night before A-Levels exams
Hormones and anxiety?
How I got over my Gym Anxiety
Im always saying sorry.
Service animals
Does anyone struggle not having many friends?
At the gym today
Feeling overwhelmed with school
My anxiety is through the roof and I don’t know what to do.
What if everyone on the planet were to choose to just completely stop speaking to you?
Crisis Line Experiences
Fear of schizophrenia
How to deal with a fear of intimacy?
HELP! :(
Every day is a battle and I feel like I am losing the war
I need some advice
Anyone here going to spend their weekend under a blanket with tea playing Pokemon?
Anyone else anxious about what the world is becoming?
I want to try a sedative to help me go to therapy
Etifoxine (Stresam®)?
Anxious about being Anxious
My job doesn't give me proper breaks and it's messing with my mental health
Just had my first full blown panic attack in over a year, me-0 anxiety-1
I’m so sick of being so lonely with all my shit inside me
has anybody experienced similar anxieties and figure out ways to get rid of them or "get over them"?
Valium and surgery
DAE feel weird/like something is wrong but can't figure out what?
L-Theanine and GABA, which is the best for anxiety?
Burning pain
What my anxiety entails
Ordering
Boyfriend is Supportive Now but I’m Worried for the Future
I'm so annoyed with myself
Was this stupid of me?
I have intrusive thoughts that are wrecking my life and personality.
Has anyone overcome health anxiety?
Letting Go
Do you ever overanalyze what people say, truly questioning whether or not they mean what they tell you?
I'm afraid of cooking…
Does anyone else drink a ton of water when stressed?
I am having the worst year and im having a hard time coping.
Where's the Evidence? A Challenge to Psychiatric Authority (2013) - documentary about the hunger strike challenging the NIMH, APA, and Surgeon General to show proof of the neurochemical imbalance theory and effectiveness of psychiatric drugs (x-post from /r/documentaries)
Tired, alone, wanting to die
I had a panic attack today during a meeting.
Does your obsessive thinking from your anxiety ever make you so annoying?
[deleted by user]
Anxious about reaching out to people
I feel like I don't belong anywhere. [Social Anxiety]
I'll just leave it here
Just started Lexapro
I’m worried I’ve locked my friend further into her abusive relationship.
It’s getting really really bad again.
Sexual Dysfunction from Anxiety and Anxiety Medicine
Weighted Blanket
A reminder that you DON'T NEED ANSWERS
The book Empath is $0.99 until November 22nd!
Does anyone here use gabapentin as needed to prevent panic attacks?
Advice for coping with climate change?
Anxiety so bad I can’t even socialise with my family.. I just lay in bed all day and mum moans but I can’t help it
It is WAY too hard to get in to see a psychiatrist
Anxiety about going back to class.
Anxiety giving me a feeling like a sugar rush
ocd, fears, coincidences
Dealing with the physical symptoms of anxiety?
Does anybody else's anxiety suddenly "fade away" after a week or two?
I feel like I keep messing up and it’s making it worse.
The constant fear of death
Gym anxiety
Im being physically and emotionally abused
I feel like i have no control over my own happines
Small mistakes = High anxiety
My mask is slipping.
Does anybody else fear drastic changes in life?
I get anxiuos about cats (Not cat-phobia)
Got turned down for 2 jobs I’ve applied for. Anxiety justified
My coworkers don't talk to me as much as they used to.
(Almost) Weekend Check-In Thread
Today is a real bad day.
Telling Friends/Family
Anxious person working Black Friday.
I have a meeting tomorrow
How do you remain patient while figuring out proper medication combo? How do I explain to the psych what I need?
How to remain patient while figuring out right medication combo?
My body burns through medicine like crazy and I never feel anything. Does anyone else have this problem? What works for you?
Im receiving actual commissions for my art ! I’ve been too afraid to post my personal pieces on social media, until this year!
I'm at my most unstable when I'm hungry.
Appendicitis fear
Need advice about therapy and it’s frustrations
Relaxing Ambient Music with Waterfall Sounds and Beautiful Nature Footage
Wanna laugh/sigh in frustration at embarrassing anxiety side effect
Having trouble and would appreciate advice
I quit my part time job
Any personal stories about adjusting to life/anxiety after stopping medication?
28/F afraid her anxiety ruined a relationship
To anxious out to sleep
Struggling with toxic coworker at my nee job.
Where would you go from here?
I've tried doing this for two months and finally did it
Maybe I'm just lazy.
My anxiety problems
Anyone heard of this?
It will get better!
diagnosis
I think this may sound fucked up, buuut...
Elavil/Amitriptyline vs Prozac?
Experiences with DARE technique?
Existential thoughts
Screen Privacy Anxiety?
Guilt at giving apologies for meetings
How do I check in with my SO?
Persistent dizziness, terrified it's serious condition
I always feel so lonely since my meltdown. I just want someone to talk to
DAE feel prickly and warm around your face when feeling socially anxious?
I don't know what it is.
Trigger and ''cure'' at the same time
Help me understand my sister suffering from anxiety..?
Anxiety is...
An anxiety attack woke me up today
Easy distraction/gratitude technique
Must no kill boss 😤 Must not kill boss
Help! How do I know if I really am having trouble breathing, or just my anxiety/ panic attacks talking?
I feel like I’m losing my mind. I could really use someone to talk to.
I am scared of death. The thought of suddenly not existing anymore scares the shit out of me.
Has anyone noticed anxiety improve with exercise?
I lost a potential client and I can't stop thinking about it.
Does anyone else experience depersonalization or derealization in terms of their anxiety? Can you describe what it *actually* feels like in your subjective experience?
I can’t stop crying
I fear that my anxiety and pessimistic/cynical views will stop me from every being in a happy relationship.
DAE feel pressure in their nose?
What do I do?
Feeling Incompetent
New experience with my anxiety?
Anxiety feels controllable, until it overpowers you.
Calm Down and Relax with this Background Music with Fireplace Sounds
Some things that help me cope with it all!
Hate that shit
Anxious about girlfriend losing interest
I recently broke my ankle, a small avulsion fracture. Well now that I’m in a cast my anxiety has kicked up a notch. I’m having terrible attacks of just not being able to move or touch my foot. I had anxiety before but this claustrophobia feeling is new. Help?
SO with anxiety and closed off emotionally, and thing i can so to help her?
I don't know what to do at this point.
Why do I have anxiety?
Lexapro - Alcohol/Drugs vs. Zoloft
Does anyone else have this huge urge to want to be social and make friends and your anxiety’s like nah?
In need of reassurance.
OH GAWD IT HURTS
Hard to Breathe with Anxiety
Anxiety attacks with intense Deja Vu
I'm overthinking about this small stupid thing and I want it to stop please help
I have a combination of anxiety and fatigue and it shows in my eyes.
How to accept panic attacks and not fight them?
It’s the hardest thing to do to talk without thinking about what you’re going to say!!
22 Years Old, Now Experiencing Really Bad Anxiety Issues
social anxiety/ocd
mini panic symptoms/need to vent
What is a good way to relax when you can’t stop overthinking?
DAE feel like their “highs” are like wow this is what it’s like to be functioning and their “lows” like the world is scary and I need to just die already
Why can’t I have a day, a single day, when I don’t hate myself and feel guilt for all of my actions?
Relationship Anxiety about our Future
Need some support. Going through Valium withdrawals and the anxiety is killing me.
I normalized my anxiety attack and was completely calm in midterm examination!
Some relatable oc
We all do it
We all do it
Advice for experiencing very bad anxiety for the first time. Please help.
I think I understand myself
FUCK CONFRONTATIONAL ANXIETY
Wanted to share an update on my experience with Sertraline (zoloft)
I'm Not Really Sure If I Have It
Thick-Ass Bubble
I can’t even find a definition for what causes my anxiety while driving/riding in a car, and I don’t know what to do about it.
Bright colored clothing
Anxiety / dizziness / muscle spasms around neck
A day in the life of anxiety
How long after drinking can you take Ativan?
Struggling again after being okay for months!
Getting made fun of at work after opening up
Topamax for anxiety ?
I just had to leave class because of anxiety
Is it possible for anxiety to forcibly make you believe something?
The voice in my head used to be my best friend, but now its my enemy.
What people think is a cure for anxiety is actually one of its causes.
Panicking in class
Anxiety and substance abuse
[TRIGGER WARNING: SLEEP CONSCIOUSNESS EXISTENCE PLEASE DO NOT CLICK IF YOU MIGHT GET SCARED I DONT WANT ANYONE ELSE DEVELOPING THIS FEAR] Can someone please explain to me if whats said at the end of this video is really true???
Do you ever feel dizzy/lightheaded but nothing is moving/spinning and you can still walk straight?
What people think is a cure for anxiety is actually one of its causes.
what to do any more
Anxious about upcoming trip
diagnosis
intrusive thoughts are freaking me out
Anxiety making me sick?
any anxiety sufferers also experience visual snow?
I get overly anxious when I feel I need to defend the stuff I like in life.
Valium vs Klonopin
Relationships And Anxiety
Need recommendation for best self help books and advice from people who have recovered
school is horrible
Intrusive Thoughts
It's the little improvements that mean the most
I think someone is mad at me
5 Advantages of Dating An Introvert
What is a panic attack?
CBD Isolate
Anyone have experience with finally “rationalizing” a problem but then projecting anxiety on another problem only to cycle through a perpetual “rationalizing/projecting” problem?
Tips on focusing in the now instead of future scenarios
Help.
Anybody have experiences with pyrophobia
Anxiety at the cafeteria
I could use help I guess
I made a mistake
Just need to vent.
Withdrawal
Advice for improving social skills?
Dream Theater - Panic Attack
Fucked up so bad
Anxious about break-in.
Anxiety at the top
Making money with debilitating social anxiety?
How do you know an SSRI is the right one?
What is a Generalized Anxiety Disorder?
Does anyone else have anxiety over talking to minors?
Fear of driving
Anxiety from stupid chain mail.
Anxiety causing normal sensations to be amplified a whole lot?
Advice for tracking sleep, diet, and exercise
I had my first anxiety attack. It was scary as hell.
Is low oxygen sensitivity an anxiety symptom?
A coworker left this on my desk today after I came clean about my anxiety last week. Little things like this go a long way.
Anxiety about Care Homes
Anyone else develop IBS after having anxiety for a long time? What can I do to help ease it?
Anyone taken Green Roads 50mg CBD froggies gummies for anxiety?
Freezing when trying to do uni work
Does anyone experience any side effects to Prozac?
Seperation anxiety as an adult
I never used to want to leave the house because I was scared - then I adopted this girl. My life has changed so much.
Really lost.
Interesting Sam Harris podcast on addiction, depression and a meaningful life.
Physical Anxiety
Felt like crying after telling university lecturers about my mental health
How much cardio a day should I be doing to improve anxiety conditions. I’m gonna try doing 30 minutes on a high level on the elliptical about 5 days a week. Is that enough?
Why do I get anxious and perspirate so much when I get to the cashier line at Sam's Club?
I'm so anxious about going back to school tomorrow
Question
My brain keeps interrupting my day to make suggestions of reasons why I failed
Getting married next week! Walking down the aisle is terrifying me!
had an episode
Does anyone else have destructive behaviours that they can’t stop?
I have an interview today...
This guy keeps trying to one up me
I don't feel alive. I can't feel my emotions for better or worse without anxiety and uncertainty
This goddamn guy trying to one up me
I get the worst anxiety when it's gimme for meetings at work.
Short Term Disability for Anxiety/Depression?
Do CBD and anxiety mix?
Did I ruin my life because I took a day off of work?
Work and money anxiety is exhausting me
I’m 16 years old, and I have extreme social anxiety help me
How To Cure Anxiety And Panic Attacks Fast
Low serum concentrations of vitamin B6 and iron are related to panic attack and hyperventilation attack.
Going to the doctor
Lice anxiety/paranoia
Accidentally took my am meds at night
Are SPG Blocks a legitimate treatment for anxiety?
Does anyone else get anxious about sharing basic personal information?
My ex is suing me for child support
6 hour coach journey with my bf
Meditate on Allowing Discomfort and Go Beyond It Now''
My anxiety has graduated to picking my skin over the years
Have u guys ever been so nervous that you start shaking and sometimes your chest aches
Diarrhea and black stool with Zoloft
Studying abroad flaring up anxiety
Buspirone and Escitalopram
classmate found my sketchbook
Oh I see why
Anxiety dreams/nightmares
Here. You can find an answer for depression
What's the weirdest thing that triggered an Anxiety attack on you?
I need a little help - family issues
Company I interviewed for is dragging their feet on finalising new job
Omg I must do a group assignment AND a stage presentation
The Dare method
Dumbledore on pain...
I’m going to the gym today
Shit, I’m gonna present in Math class tommorow
Ruminating false thoughts about myself??
Increasing frequency of therapy?
I need help.
Feeling guilty
Having really bad anxiety about gay experiences from when younger (re-post)
Anxiety is Like Weed
Dear Lexapro
I'm trying more to get involved at uni
Does any of you have tinnitus (ringing in ears)? Just wondering if it has anything to do with anxiety
I'm so exhausted with my social anxiety that I want to give up on having friends all together.
I have a constant feeling of needing something but not knowing what it is.
Climate Anxiety
Anxiety is ruining my life
My anxiety is hindering university
Advice on getting better
I found this by chance, but it helped me feel better today.
On the edge of a panic attack, constantly.
What should i do?
Does anxiety jump from one thing to another for anybody?
i don’t think people understand how crippling anxiety can really be.
Paranoia is telling me to kill myself before "they" come and get me
Question... Help
Anybody else feel invalidated after panic attacks?
Sensory Overload
I had my first ever real panic attack yesterday when will the aftermath symptoms stop?
Thank God for Klonopin, Honestly.
for the first time in years my social anxiety seems to be lessening because i’ve become a little bit more outgoing and talking to people more :)
Looking for advice: Friend and I tend to put each others happiness over our own because of shared anxiety?
Anxiety is keeping me from addressing my health. (Mostly a vent)
Hard to describe this feeling
Dealing with mouse/also being absolutely terrified of them
Trying To Fall Asleep with Anxiety
What if
A real mood.
I'm stuck between wanting to die and slowly dying.
Another day ruined for no big reason.
Time to admit and seek real help...
Anxiety and Relationships
Feeling like I'm spiraling...
I (21F) am about to drive a collective of 15 hours back home from college. I have never driven on a highway for longer than an hour and I’m panicking.
I have an inferiority complex
A SHORT FILM ABOUT DEPRESSION
Tingling in hands, weird pain near knees and thigh/hip when walking?
Emotional Support Animal
Microwave radiation
An anxiety that causes confusion
Anxiety caused loneliness?
My physical effects of anxiety are worsening. Tips?
Power songs
Silence VS Ambience
Weighted blanket?
Zoloft is making me unbearably irritable but I'm told that the side effect will go away in a few weeks...thoughts?
My anxiety is ruining my birthday trip to Disney World.
Effexor
FF
Ouch
Anxiety over talking on the phone
Told my therapist my life story today, their reaction was unexpected.
Support Groups
I can’t tell if I have anxiety or not.
Mixing kratom & kava tea
Get a dog, seriously.
Anyone ever have nocturnal panic attacks?
Needing Advice on How to Overcome Irrational Anxiety/Panic Attacks
Severe anxiety
Accidentally opened up to a friend when I wasn’t ready and now freaking out. How do I make things less awkward?
Monetize Anxiety
Just realized that all my emotions are just chemicals in the brain.
I have a doctor’s appointment tomorrow and I can’t sleep
Intruding on my sleep
Vacation anxiety
What the hell is wrong with me? Posting here too cause I'm scared
About to start Trintellix after 5 months off suboxone
Communication while traveling
Caffeine
Images causing feelings of discomfort and fear
How do I tell my SO how to help me when I hardly know how to help myself?
And you won't ever feel so calm that you your anxiety just goes crazy again like calm is so foreign that when you are calm it makes your anxiety go crazy?
Has anyone else had their bout of anger turn into a panic attack?(Warning: mini rant)
Started Paxil, just wanna talk about it.
Talk me out of this bat/rabies panic attack, please!
Anxiety is causing suicidal thoughts
Huge amounts of anxiety post sex with new partner...
How can I stop ruminating about past injustices?
I got a new job! But...
Does anyone else’s anxiety make them feel like they have the flu?
I Surprise Myself With How Bad My Anxiety Actually Is
Well the doctor gave me Prozac is that a good medication?
Proud about my reduction of anxiety, but still got anxiety about health concerns...
What type of anxiety do you think this is
Recurring thoughts of death
Zoloft or Prozac
My anxiety has held me back from enjoying my teens/20's. Some advice for anyone holding back from going to 'once in a lifetime' events
Suggestions for most mild anti-anxiety medications?
It’s moving day and I can’t move.
Does anxiety make you apathetic?
i dont know what to do anymore
I did not know this!
I tremble and my eyes watery in public around people.Especially big crowds. I need a job fast because of parents. Any advice?
Need to get this off my chest
Anyone want someone to check in with you? Hit me up...
my anxiety acting up or something else?
anyone tried cbd ??
Constant cycle of depression and anxiety. Long post.
Sudden euphoria
Find myself in constant states of existential dread
I feel guilty for having anxiety... why do I have this?
Unable to sleep
Calming Ambient Music for Sleeping and Relaxing
Phenibut Prescription?
I am afraid to talk to women.
Parents would never know what I’m going thru
How do I stop worrying so much? I'm freaking out inside.
Anyone with anxiety ever doubt that they are actually anxious when they have been doing okay for a consistent amount of time?
Can I take just one Xanax?
Ever-present sense of impending doom... can anyone relate?
Did anyone else self medicate with alcohol and nicotine to relieve anxiety?
Do you know anyone who's committed suicide because of social anxiety?
No stability in my life
Becoming a new patient with different doctor - do you lose your old Dr.'s prescriptions?
Huge classroom win! :D
I’ve never been very good at drawing, but I just tried to scribble and make shapes in group therapy today and I’m pretty happy with how it turned out! It’s a nice stress reliever.
I just got diagnosed with Anxiety, what do I do now?
What medications are really left to try?
How long does the effect of Xanax XR (extented release) last? Is it 12 hours, 24 hours or else?
Anxiety before Cycle Race
Really bad anxiety and irrational thoughts about gay experiences I had when younger
Treatment for life time with Valium?
Nail biting/peeling
Low libido due to SSRIs
First time in my adult life to not have anxiety. It’s possible friends!
Losing sleep about my age - turning 25 next week -
starting a new job soon...anxiety symptoms increasing
Are there any personal traits/quirks you didn't realize were a part of your anxiety until later on?
I always feel stupid after talking to my school councillor
Am I being oversensitive and should I talk to my school counselor?
Very Specific and Weird Leg Shake
Do you have any go-to Spotify playlists that help calm you down?
Is it my anxiety or are people actually mad at me?
TIL that Tetris of all things can significantly help if you’re anxious or having a panic attack. I get them frequently and recently downloaded it and it actually helps a lot. The science backs it up, so I’d recommend checking out the article below. I hope it helps someone as much as it did for me.
Finally got myself motivated to go out and socialize (two whole days in a row!) and now...
People dying in my dreams, and time feels strange around me?
First time to date after 6 years and just had a panic attack
First Day Back On...
starting school in january. i’m so nervous
Health anxiety + common winter illnesses : how i relapsed after thinking I had made a full recovery.
[deleted by user]
How To Stop A Several Day Panic Attack Over A Relationship
Do i have anxiety or my chest pain heart related? (Very long read but would really appreciate any feedback)
The word Anxiety does not do justice to what it really feels like inside.
Horrible startup anxiety with Zoloft
Fear of existence, I think it could possibly be existential angst or depersonalization. Can someone help?
tips for flying alone with generalized anxiety disorder?
Closed eye hallucinations, high pitched noise and fear of becoming crazy
First days of Sertraline : is this normal?
I just need to vent
I finally asked my parents for financial help with therapy
To those people who seeked therapy for their anxiety, How's the experience? What did your therapist tell ya
Fatigue all the time
What is it like to own a emotional support animal?
This is how my DPDR and ANXIETY feels like
Proxan and neuro calm
insomnia????
Guided Self-Hypnosis Induction With Master Hypnotist Karsten Küstner: Part 1
So scared to sleep
Is this anxiety?
Anxiety is like having a toddler scream in your ear 24 hours a day. Zoloft is a set of headphones that lets you ignore it occasionally, but doesn't actually do anything to calm the screaming.
Logic / understanding satiation (similar to semantic satiation)
[16M] I have a big problem about telling my parents about my online relationship
thinking of doing doing drugs
Big Group Outing
An extreme rant post
Anxiety before work
Does anyone ever get a weird feeling like a familiar location is actually wrong or unfamiliar?
Trauma takes forever to click.
I think I nearly had my first full breakdown tonight.
How do I convince my parents to let me do things I want to do?
I get scared at night.
Intrusive suicidal thoughts?
Can’t sleep again :( I find these slow motion cat videos calm me down and help me relax.
Has anyone got hives or inflammation from the cold or cold wind?
How to get rid of self doubt?
Thinking a lot about something weird that happened when I was a child and it’s making me extremely anxious. (May be triggering)
Housemate's new girlfriend is driving me crazy!!
can't find anything that helps
Scared of people?
I had my first panic attack in six months yesterday
work anxiety
Does "planning to fail" ever help?
Police-controls
Dental appointment nightmare
[deleted by user]
The Strong Relation between Food and Mental Well-Being
Paranoid that my appendix will burst? (Long)
My fear of having panic attacks at work is bringing on more panic attacks. I’m fearful I’ll lose my job
Is work that bad?
AND NOTHING HURTS ANYMORE I FEEL KIND OF FREE
Any tips on how to stop ruminating and spiralling thoughts?
Having regrets to post this or not about screwing it up with my crush.
Dreams that need to stop
Is CBD the remedy for anxiety? It was for me!
What is it really like to experience anxiety?
PLA Tomorrow, scared what my boss will say!
Health anxiety. Worried about lead poisoning
How do you set boundaries?
New York Times: How to Harness Your Anxiety
Just got prescribed Prozac. I have sex drive-related worries.
Took some anxiety medication
Anxiety feels like a volcano building up that'll never erupt.
Anxiety can kiss my ass
Update to "new job anxiety"
Reframinng Social Anxiety and Request for Skills
Today sucked.
Medication saved my life
Million Years of Conditioning of Mind; BE FREE of it NOW..
I have made 25k already this month but I have not spent a penny on anything but necessities.
not sure what to do for this uni presentation ??
I'm a recluse and painfully awkward. I went to a job interview this evening and it went as expected (I guess)
Advice for anxiety and depression induced disordered eating?
CBD/drug screen causing anxiety about first appointment
Devis de travaux de rénovation de salle de bains Belgique.
Boyfriend asked about scratches on my neck
The loss of friends
Presentation anxiety
Finally happening.
Hey how about let me talk too??
Help
Im scared of what people will think of what I make.
I always make the same mistake and then proceed to hate myself
How to stop an anxiety attack?
Paying for a gym membership but have yet to use it.
It's sad
Who makes good talkdown/guided meditations on Youtube?
Vitamin D
You might be sick of hearing this, but don’t ever give up
Today I took an L and didn't go to my exam
Advice
DAE get anxiety when they’re with someone who draws a lot of attention to you?
Physical pain/sensations from anxiety?
How can I make life bearable?
Setback
Am I worrying over nothing?
TV Show to watch when Anxious
Anxiety Sucks (i need to vent)
Techniques to Always Remain in Peace, Explained
I haven't had a panic attack in over a month!
I struggle with not feeling like a burden. But I constantly have to remind myself that I’m not one and that the people around me love me. And these posts help so much when I stumble across them.
Not being able to drive due to ANXIETY...
Job search fills me with anxiety
How to deal with awkward psych appointments & buspirone experiences?
The worst/scariest experience with my GAD/OCD happened today. Advice please!!
Dry mouth any tips?
New to anxiety?
Super anxious about work right now.
Things you may not want to hear about recovery.
Starting my first ever medication tomorrow. I’m nervous!
Know That; This World Cannot Make You Happy!'
Can you have anxiety and not know why?
I know going to the gym right now will make feel better, but I really don’t feel like it.
Too lonely to be happy, but too anxious to socialize...
Adult living with social anxiety
I am already freaking out over the fact I can't afford Christmas presents for anyone
Crazy sweats
Does anyone get anxious over Vaccinations? Or am I just childish?
Has anyone gotten past a sweaty/clammy hands problem?
How to not let my anxiety negatively effect my relationship
Feels like I'm making the same mistakes
How to stop giving a fu..dge?
My anxiety about being or becoming an Incel got out of hand
You can Diminishing Thoughts ,by Choice.
Dr wants to put me on Sertraline, but I’m worried about the initial 4-6 weeks, any advice?
The Common Causes of Panic Attacks While Driving - Handle Anxiety
Please Help, have been getting panic attacks in the middle on the night and they will not go away.
Help me to understand Anxiety
This is my interpretation of what living with Severe Bipolar Depression is like.
Ive lived here for three months and im still terrified my roommates judging me
Does anyone experience dizziness or lightheadedness with anxiety
Do you forget how to breathe too when talking in front of people?
Extreme relationship anxiety
Unable to take the initiative to do certain things and rely heavily on distractions and procrastination
Constant fear when my husband has to go on a business trip
Feeling upset and guilty about consultation session
I just want the worrying to stop
Anxiety due to traumatic experiences?
My anxiety is feeding my depression. I know I need to get back into therapy but I'm so overwheled/scared of finding someone.
My brain always interpreted the question, “Why are you so quiet?” as, "Say Something so we can judge you". I just released an album of upbeat indie music all about my anxiety and depression. It's called "Say Something (So We Can Judge You)" I hope it helps somebody.
I hate the feeling I get when I accidentally convince someone about something
Anxiety Treatment: Virtual Reality Could Be A Powerful New Option. This method of “body swapping” could have a powerful effect. This could be a stopgap before they see a real therapist.
Bruises and leukemia
Guitar and my dad give me anxiety
Experience with CBD oil and anxiety?
Am I just being generally anxious or am I a bad person?
Anyone get their Cortisol tested?
I lost my job due to panic attacks and anxiety, was taken straight to the hospital from the workplace, and have been home for a week after a 20 day stay. I just got hired! BINGO
Anyone else helps posting on reddit to overcome your social anxiety?
So, any Web Developers here suffering from Anxiety?
I have never felt this much anxiety before and I dont know what to do (TW)
Constantly feel sick from the constant anxiety
Possible effects of missing a Sertraline dosage?
Can my anxiety be triggered by my digestive health?
Does anyone else's anxiety spiral out of control when reading/ hearing relationship advice
DAE think about dying a few days before a scheduled interview?
Please tell me a reason to not kill myself.
Anxiety Induced from Weed
Anyone have time to let me vent? (Xpost-r/depression)
Do you ever have a physical response to something visually upsetting?
For some reason, I always feel really awkward with my facial expressions. Typically just when I’m alone in public. Being around so many people, I keep feeling like they’re looking at me when I know they really aren’t but it makes me super uncomfortable. Any help?
Does anyone get anxiety after sticking up for themselves?
Never thought I’d be lonely again
Making and maintaining friends.
Almost time to go to work, and I feel like I’m gonna have a panic attack.
Is it possible for anxiety to cause dizziness?
Just sharing my condition and my story
Can't take some time off because of my anxiety
Any other thrill seekers?
Bathrooms are my “safe zones”
CBD oil questions
EXTREME anxiety before interviews (throwing up, drawing blanks) PLEASE HELP!
I wonder if it's pathological,reasonable or I'm overreacting. Any advice is welcome.
Any tips for sleeping?
Not dealing with daily panic attacks anymore! Moving out of a toxic housing situation was the game changer!
Involuntary Panic Attacks?
Always feel terrible at the smallest mistake
How To Hypnotically Increase Your Personal Power
Im tired
Nocturnal Panic Attacks are back. Help!
I (13M) think I have anxiety. What do I do?
HOW TO HIDE MY EMOTIONS
How to differ between anxiety and panic attacks
I finished all my papers and midterms during my hellish month and a half!
Lots of anxiety about my health after built up stress
If only
Going back to my psychiatrist after almost 3 years.
I feel so guilty whenever I skip class due to my anxiety.
Bad Job interview
Abandoned
I’m not enough
Best medication for social anxiety?
Whenever I hear an airplane at night, I think about it crashing into my house.
Ok here goes, I have horrible packing and travel anxiety.
i have a very unhealthy phobia of cockroaches. even the word makes me feel uneasy. even just the thought of a cockroach makes me shiver and gives me major anxiety. simply looking at a picture of one will make me want to die lol. i know bug phobias are common but i feel like this isn’t normal. help?
Anxiety/lexapro getting the best of me.
I am not feeling anxious and/or depressed like I usually do.
I can’t sleep without melatonin
How to bounce back?
Need help with my anxiety
Just got over a small bout of lice and now I feel bugs constantly
Anxiety and anger
Today anxiety got the best of me. I suffer from the fear of having another panic attack. This was my second week in my new career. I was supposed to travel about three hours away. I couldn’t do it, I fought like hell but I couldn’t be alone and plagued with the fear. I hate this. I lost the job.
When you get anxious having to wait until the next therapy session because you need to talk about everything that’s making you anxious!
My anxiety makes me scared I have ALS I can’t function like this
Failing all SSRIs, what options do I have left?
How to trust test results? Please help.
Just got first job in a LONG time and I'm anxious.
Pretty sure I'm making myself sick.
Anxiety makes me stupid
I should not have checked for curiosity sake......
College Students Can You Please Take My Survey? (Regarding Anxiety and how it affects your Academic Life)
Looked down at my hands and was reminding of my crippling anxiety.
Working in an open plan office with anxiety
Been struggling with my anxiety and just need some advice
Complex unwanted storylines happening in my mind?
Talking to the opposite gender is hard
Anxiety or cancer?
How do you relax after realizing you did something really cringy?
Is being quite on vacation normal?
So I started my first antidepressant and am not sure what to expect.
[deleted by user]
DAE feel like they have a social battery that runs out quicker than most? I worry and feel overwhelmed/overstimulated by social interactions.
I need help, but I don’t know how to get it.
Can someone help me not believe in Nostradamus?
Who else can relate 😭
5 Instant Enlightenment Moments, with Papaji!'
Realise That: There's Nothing Wrong with You...
panic about school and work
Got my first job interview next week
Pulling on boots
Social anxiety and acquaintances
So massively sick of myself. Just want to be normal again.
32/F Anybody else have an overwhelming, irrational fear of their parents dying and have uncontrolled emotions when thinking about it? Thanks anxiety. GFY
How does an anxiety diagnosis look like? (self.askpsychology)
DAE get anxiety over whether or not you're sending an email/text to the right person?
fear of good things disappearing?
Safer Medication
Any one else get anxiety (near attacks) when weightlifting?
I always think about what I said to people, and that makes me feel worser and worser because I get humiliated by what I said last time to someone. How to avoid this?
Suggestions for calming visual media
Can anyone relate to this?
Even more panic due to health, now it's affecting my groin!
I hate smoking with other people
How to talk to my psychiatrist about my anxiety concerns, when i’m worried my parents will find out?
Everyone wants to put me on SSRIs, I'm not convinced
I forgot to wish my dad happy fathers day!
I'm new!
Getting social again?
Constantly Anxious/ Relationships
It's on its way
When did you know you needed medication to handle your anxiety?
Weird sensation in head
Anxiety Hurting My Grade
GREATEST Stress Buster is; Doing one thing at a time....
A list of state-checks.
I get way too anxious/stressed at the thought of studying so I end up not studying at all. Any advice to overcome this?
Anxious about losing mind/becoming Schizophrenic..
My life is great...and yet I fail to be happy
Anxiety caused by the movie “The Matrix”
My anxiety got the best of me today.
Uni and sleep problems
Resources to help my spouse understand what anxiety is and why sometimes I do things that make no sense to her.
Poem I just wrote about my anxiety
Anyone have a significant other be admitted into a psych ward?
Help getting friend to gym
I really enjoy talking to people, but I have really bad “selective” anxiety
Getting a pet
attachment anxiety
phone hacked
What’s worse a depressed brain or anxious brain?
Probably getting fired tomorrow.
Maybe it’s not all in my head
An epiphany
What has your anxiety hindered you from doing/achieving?
I don’t know if I should end this relationship or keep trying.
Tips for a husband dealing with a wife with anxiety?
Did I have a stroke/seizure or is it my anxiety?
Read this if you struggling with anxiety for too much time.
My mother didn't come home after a certain time, and I panicked and was contemplating life without her, and was certain someone had murdered her, anxiety can be very cruel.
Does anyone ever feel chest pains even when no signs of anxiety is happening at that moment?
Anyone else find things 'weird' for the first time after reducing anxiety/dissociation?
Why do the simplest questions make people so mad.
Is this anxiety?
I Finally Got Into Therapy.
Really nervous about meeting with band
Working with anxiety
Anyone else worry so much about what others think that it’s taking over and ruining your life?
Flying gives me (30F) the worst anxiety. I’m voluntarily going to a conference a few states away in a few weeks. Tips for mindful flying/reducing panic?
Can't seem to talk to anyone
Any tips to overcome this state
Want to take a break from school
Don’t panic! A quick, three step guide to managing anxiety! We wrote this article to try and help others manage the anxiety that can so often cause us hell. We don’t make silly promises that it’ll fix everything, that’s impossible, but hopefully it’ll help some!!
I need honest advice
Today’s going to be a long day.
I work in a pet store and lots of kids come in. How do I reprimand the troublesome ones without coming off as either too submissive (or overly aggressive)?
“Let’s go around the room and introduce ourselves”...
Top Things for Positive Impact on my Anxiety
How do you stop obsessing over every single thing you say?
Do I have anxiety?
I feel like we should move but...
Anxiety from cold weather
Any suffer skipped heart beats?
Why did I apologize for helping someone.
I think anxiety is making me progressively lonelier
A Realization I had...
nees to have new treatments
Panic Attacks are at an all-time high, anyone got ideas on how to calm down from them?
Need Propranolol Dosage for Chronic Performance Anxiety Advice!!
Letting someone go because of anxiety
Does anyone else get a weird taste in their mouth during a panic attack?
How can I deal with stress and anxiety caused by exams?
Does anxiety get worse with age?
How to do well on tests with GAD?
Prozac feel like death
What is it called when your anxiety always make you feel you have health problems ?
Laughing is great for well being
Anyone ever afraid they will never have a normal happy life?
Apparently i'm so anxious that i'm dizzy and about to pass out.
I’m worried I won’t get familiar with my new job?
Can we talk about post college graduation anxiety and depression?
Mixing Silly Putty with Essential Oils
How to deal with tension caused by stress?
Anxiety achievement thread (11/11/18)
Any suggestions for noise-reducing earbuds?
My body is trying to kill me (anxiety doesn’t do well with drama)
I think I need to up my medication
DAE have any physical results of their anxiety?
Just found this group, trying it out
I get super stressed out if my gf doesn't tell me she's going out on a weekend, and I need to stop
What can i take for anxiety thats otc
Presentation Anxiety/ OTC drugs?
Had an anxiety attack yesterday.
Fear of going blind
my only friend stopped talking to me
Is it just me?
Constant anxiety about past actions/interactions with people
So what's next?
She is more quiet on snapchat, a sign or no sign?
Anxiety when it comes to cooking
Random, super intense anxiety that stops me from sleeping
YOU'RE THE ENEMY
Deja vu and anxiety
What are some things that personally resonate with you?
Hard to cope with college life.
DAE Worry about whether or not you actually have anxiety. Or is that just in my brain?
A Letter To Remind Yourself - Motivational Video
Lost and can't find myself
I’m constantly not sure if certain symptoms I have are from my anxiety or something else.
Oh man
Depression hits when contacting parents
Just need to vent, it's been a really tough week.
How to enjoy a night out when you’re anxious
It’s Sunday night...
Age ?
In a toxic home environment, and there is nothing I can do
Free your Anxiety today, visit benzopharmacy and learn how to free your anxiety the right way
¿Cry during panic attacks?
I get easily overwhelmed by tasks and then just end up doing nothing at all
I've been more physically intimate with my friends recently
Maybe this can help give more of a reason as to why we think the way we do? I’m not saying I’m an expert but I believe that this piece does have something to it. Or maybe I’m wrong and this is complete gibberish
I got into my first car accident and I don't know how to deal with the anxiety it's brought
Nail-biting
Having a horrible panic attack because I got my bachelor's 12 months ago and still can't find a job that won't make me entirely miserable
Complex tasks + headache/stomach ache
I just want to sleep...
Sucking the enjoyment of out everything
I may have just overdosed.
Can't Let Go Of Anxiety
What is a small thing that brings you joy?
I wish I could turn into a fish and swim into a sharks mouth.
Why does pressure soothe anxiety?
How do you deal with issues from childhood?
I don't want to sleep
It feels wrong to not have anxiety?
Do any of you struggle with wondering if your anxiety is “all in your head”?
Changing diet to reduce anxiety?
DAE have anxiety attacks long AFTER something stressful/bad happens?
Inferiority issues
Anxiety medication
Obsessing about how incredibly stupid I looked during seemingly innocuous interaction.
Anxiety induced chest pain?
Do I have anxiety?
Former SSRI users, how is your life after stopping treatment?
I didn't believe I had anxiety until now.
10 year old with anxiety
Ugh. These problems will not stop...
I’m so sick of trying to convince myself I’m not dying
imitation is the purest form of intimidation and i'm not flattered (tw)
On the verge
What are some coping techniques you guys use when anxiety hits?
I'm sad because I'm sad
i dont want my anxiety to get cured
After breaking down at work, being hospitalized, and losing my job as a result, I've had more panic attacks in the last three days than in the last six months or so. Any tips for calming myself down?
Worst week of my life making me feel like I’m out of control
I always feel horrible when I make a mistake
So much fear and anxiety about my unborn son
How to actually function🙃
I get anxiety when I’m sick. Anyone else have this issue?
:/
Just want to die
Isn’t it ironic?
Does anybody else get anxiety over showing your true colors?
Does anyone here go to their workplace Christmas party?
Feeling anxious right now
Irrational thoughts causing anxiety
I nearly cried or passed out (can't decide which would've came first) at work just a half hour ago. (Sorry that if this is a bit long)
Getting nothing done today: ✔
I am constantly paranoid and anxious
Anxiety, Physical 'Symptoms', and Being Terrified at Night
My home is basically the only place Im at peace
Overwhelming feeling of doom
I need help finding a psychologist and can't find on that takes my insurance.
Debilitating overwhelming anxiety, is it okay to ask my mom to come stay with me for a bit?
The only thing that freaks me out about anxiety is my hear rate going up.
It's 2.30 AM here!! I just got woken up by my friends!!
Just something that popped up on my fb.
21 yr old scared of being home alone when it's dark outside
I keep feeling anxious and I don't know what to do to stop it.
Anxiety/guilt about doing a good deed
Has anyone tried 25mg of quetiapine for anxiety and had a positive experience?
I get anxiety attacks that make me throw up. This one has been going on for five days. Please, please, please, I need help.
Terrified I'm developing agoraphobia
I love to travel, so a booked a couple of days away for myself. And I just can't stop overthinking everything :(
Be kind to yourself
Anyone have good luck on antidepressant medication?
This guy I went to school with is an infuriating asshole
[F, 35] Afraid to start Zoloft/Sertraline?
How do you deal with feeling like you're a third wheel on a friend date?
Uncomfortable and Awkward around Friend's Parents
Anxious about possible pregnancy.
Venlafaxine?!?!
Hello. I'm new to the anxiety game.
Whats on your mind? Lets talk!
Vent: My best friend's wedding is tomorrow and I have to give a toast. I've been staring at the three sentences I've written for like an hour. My heart is racing and I feel like throwing up. Every idea I have just seems cheesy and canned. This sucks...
Wellbutrin making me worse
Always feel dizzy when I go to work.
Do you ever feel bad after hanging out, especially when one friend clicks more with another than with you?
Definition of a Panic Attack
I'm having a panic attack
Horrible anxiety after drinking alcohol
This book is the reason I’m getting better.
Made my first therapy appointment...two months from now. What now?
Activities to "slow down" life a bit.
my anxiety is becoming crippling and i can’t stop it
For my fellow anxiety suffers, a guide to deal with "texting" anxiety when talking to your S/O, friend, etc
Sleep and eat
Anxiety Attack
Its all in my head but the stress is real
Can I vent to someone?
Gut and brain help
Update on my spinal pain after CT Scan....
Moving out of parents house
Am I "done" with therapy?
Feeling powerless due to anxiety? Here's how you can take your power back.
Came home from work, cant stop my anxiety.
How do you find the courage to date online despite Anxiety caused by ugliness?
I need advice on helping a friend with severe anxiety problems.
Anxiety Attack followed by tremor that wont go away, is this normal?
Weed
Caffeine and Anxiety
I dont think im cut out for my major and im now wondering why i even came back to college.
Damn. Ran out of my generic Celexa around Monday. No real withdrawal yet, but my dreams have been vividly horrifying. Lots of death from accidents, etc.
Paxil withdrawal question
First time being criticized at work. Very anxious over it.
Can't seem to properly converse with my peers or with new people.
3am Game: Heart Attack, Anxiety, or Insanity?
Been going out with a girl recently and getting a job next week
Anxious Diaries Winter 2012
I'm scared I'm dead
Anxiety in a new workplace
My anxiety has changed
panic attacks and fear of being alone
A song to ease anxiety.
i posted my art for the first time and i’m freaking terrified.
I always feel like I do the wrong thing
Thanks, anxiety.
I'm going to a party.
My teacher yelled at me for not working today and now I’m too scared to go back
Not sure the name but
Here I am again
I'm kinda lost....help plz
To those who have seen a Therapist, have you ever had one that you weren’t too pleased with?
Im kinda lost...
Feel guilty and attention-seeking for crying in front of my boyfriend and his family after death of his father, their son/brother
Scared to go to movie theaters.
Self isolation
Isolation.
What are your heart rates?
HOW DO YOU GET RID OF THAT SENSE OF IMPENDING DOOM???? EVERY TIME I CLOSE MY EYES, I SEE FLASHES OF EVERYTHING I LOVE BEING TAKEN AWAY FROM ME. I FEEL UNSAFE AND I NEED TO HIDE. I FEEL LIKE THERE ARE PEOPLE COMING AFTER ME. I KNOW IT’S NOT REAL, BUT IT STILL MAKES MY HEART RACE. WTF BRAIN YOU SUCK.
Fear of flying
Worried about my toe (infection?)
Do you ever feel self crippling doubt and question literally everything
I don’t know what’s wrong with me
Caffeine and anxiety
How do I help my friend with anxiety
Hangxiety and conversation recollections
Smoking cbd weed to help relieve anxiety?
What is your ultimate song to relieve your anxiety?
Why am I so afraid to post stuff on reddit?
How can I tell whether I just have really bad anxiety or PTSD?
Just so sad
Cant talk to my friends
My mantras haven't been working lately
Are we real?
Horror and Anxiety
I think I finally figured out how to describe my anxiety.
Husband is not very supportive about my anxiety, so where else can I go for support?
Conspiracy theories, the news, etc..
Planning to advocate for myself at my internship!
Feeling unwelcome literally everywhere.
Phenibut any one try it?
How do I know if I have depression and anxiety?
L-theanine
I've never felt so lost
I’m worried I accidentally huffed nail polish and nail polish remover
Unfamiliar panic/anxiety attacks
Coffee and anxiety.
How do I stop the imaginary conversations & scenarios?
[deleted by user]
Anxiety is making me quit. Need help
Anxiety is:
Is Seasonal Affective Disorder more than just the "winter blues"?
Intrusive thoughts about reality/derealization
Hey guys. I just got prescribed Zoloft. Can any of you please calm my nerves about taking it? I’m terrified honestly even though I’ve heard a lot of good things.
2 AM can’t sleep, because I keep forgetting to breathe
Inability to exercise due to (anxiety?) Chest pains
social media is toxic as fuck
My dog died this morning, anxiety ramped up drastically.
How do you deal with social anxiety?
The fear of losing control.
First Panic Attack, Now I Cant Stop Worrying?
I need some coping mechanisms for ruminative thoughts.
Dating anxiety is ruining things right now
I need someone’s help. Horrible impending doom feeling, I feel like anxiety is choking me.
Life is a struggle.
DAE hate getting their hair cut?
Is there another side?
My anxiety give me stomach pain and nausea and the only way to get rid of it is with benzos.
Beyond stressed out. I just want everything to be alright again.
Today I officially begin the process of getting off of Zoloft...
heart beating strangely? feeling like i’m dying
Wife has fear of anything related to her dental care
I can do basic functions now....
Does anyone else get this?
I can skydive no problem...
My life is .5 seconds away from falling apart and I need a vent.
I’m not doing well today after finally progressing and doing better for a few weeks. I missed a dose of my benzo this morning and it all went down hill.
People who are “always in your own head”, how did you get out?
Impending doom feeling
In need of coping strategies
How To Stop Assuming The Worst of People I Love?
Got a few bad reviews out of nowhere at work. My boss had to take some responsibilities from me. I'm so sad, freaking out, feel like I'm slipping back into that hole.
11 Things Only Introverts Will Understand
I got a buzz cut today. My barber fucked up.
I’ve been ignoring my teacher for weeks
www.royalpharmacy-online.com
(26, m) I think I’m one of the ugliest people I know and I’m anxious being around others, how do I deal with it? (pics included)
Why does love make me depressed?
Depression & Anxiety
Bailed on family trip
Going to work again next week after having a Burn Out half a year ago. Not sure if I am ready
Low dose antipsychotic safe for anxiety?
Wish I had someone to talk to that was a personal friend that could relate
Looking for some help regarding medication
I just had the best haircut ever
Tingling earlobe
Nocturnal Panic Attacks
Has anyone tried Viibryd? Thoughts?
Having daily constant heart palpitations
Alcoholism
Recently quit a dream job largely due to a toxic and rude coworker, and I’m curious if there’s any benefit to a follow up letter to my former supervisors?
I started therapy in July
I’ve never felt so anxious
Any software engineers got any advice for anxiety during interview technical tests?
My partner suffers from anxiety and panic attacks what are the best ways I can support her without falling into the same issues as her?
SSRI'S Onset Help
What sertraline dosage are people on?
shitty day and I need somewhere to let this out
I drank around 5 paracetamol sachets in 9 hours and now I’m scared I might OD?
Idk how long I can live like this. I’m just tired.
Shoes
Suspenseful Music
I'm trying to figure out Social Anxiety- So started documenting what I learned...Video about symptoms I made.
Social Anxiety Disorder Symptoms - Top 5 Signs and Symptoms of Anxiety ..trying to figure this out for myself...this is my life.
I had a meltdown on my fiance. A rant about how much I hate the way I am.
New blog post 'Feeling trapped'
Anyone taken BusPar? What was your experience like?
An update on the bullying co-worker situation I posted about two days ago. I'm no longer employed there. Please help me cope, keep my chin up, and develop a routine/schedule for my unemployed time.
Something wholesome for your Friday :)
I just want to ask . What are you supposed to get out of therapy?
Can Someone Talk to Me?
I always feel like I'm running out of time and rushing - like my mind doesn't know how to slow down
Getting a break from thinking
Online Psychiatrist Appointment
Online Psychiatrist Appointment
Exams
I WILL NOT LOSE!
Emergency, I really need help right now.
DAE have issues just getting out of bed in the morning
Moving out of parents house
Does anyone have any tips or tricks to stop gagging from anxiety?
I got promoted at work, but it’s amped up my anxiety.
I need help.
Perfectionism is torturing me
Resurfacing Anxiety
Once upon a time I panicked and so I escaped and that's all upon my times
Wondering at what point to admit I can't deal with it, and possibly request medication?
Can’t stop thinking about death no matter how hard I try.
low self-esteem or self-confidence? none? both? what do you think is reason we have social anxiety?
I can't stop calling in to work
I am sick of my anxiety, I'm scared of death too much
“You know I’m always here for you.”
I need a hug
Will i feel worse if i start cutting myself?
Not feeling ok
HIV scare
Driving Test this Afternoon. Need advice to calm down my anxiety before and during.
Social Anxiety Issues
Suicidal thoughts after reflecting on anxiety inducing events
Why Do I Start Things And Then Avoid Them?
Cancer scares me.
So sensitive to everything that I've stopped doing just about everything
A Moment Of Terrifying Clarity
I hate editing my resume and portfolio. It makes me extremely anxious and I have to take medication which I save up for really bad moments.
Anxiety about Lunch at Bf's Friend's House
Extremely Predictable Brain Zaps
What can I do better as a husband of a wife with anxiety and anger?
Re-living embarrassing memories at night
Does anyone ever get subconscious anxiety reactions with your body?
a girl asked for my number at work today, and I'm a bit shocked
Having one of the worst nights I've had in a long times
I have to take a couple minutes (or ten) to go into anywhere because of my anxiety.
Discussing accommodations with my boss
Eating meat gives me panic attacks
Afraid to go to work tomorrow due to my nc/ns.
I Just Want To Write Letters
My stepmom is ignoring me and I am so anxious about it.
Anxiety has slowly been replacing my feelings for person I'm dating
I’m taking things too seriously?
Major plane anxiety, got prescribed Ativan. How do I knock out?
I think i have anxiety while travelling.
I think I might be struggling
Reality anxiety
I'm new to Reddit and having a night of 0 self worth
Tiny things send me in a panic
Anyone ever get anxiety from their friends? Or do I just have shitty friends
Abandonment Anxiety
Anxiety about health issue going on and waiting to get checked out
Today I really learned what the word "Mindfulness" means
Anxiety still in charge after trying be more out in the world since last week.
Does anyone feel uneasy about everything in life?
What's normal?
Nausea with GAD?
Recently I think I’m developing a paralyzing, (irrational?) fear of mass shootings.
Still not past loss of pet that happened over a year ago, grief is causing my anxiety to skyrocket
I feel numb
Is heavy cardio dangerous with clinical anxiety and dissociation?
Being alone
Panic Disorder and intrusive thoughts or signs of psychosis?
My anxiety got better and now it’s back in full force
Advice on anxiety while flying?
attempts at fixing my anxiety just fuels more anxiety lol
Can someone explain the effect of anxiety on memory retention?
Tiny CBD Success Story
Venting about unprofessional manager!
Share your story as well
I just want to workout :/
How do you guys deal with overthinking?
Asking for help
I had surgery today and only had 1 panic attack!
Looking for support
Today i talked to a girl for the first time that i've known for a year
There should be a thread for people who suffer with death anxiety like me.
My boyfriend found a solution to one aspect of my anxiety, thought I'd share
Anxiety made me drop out of college.
Do I have anxiety or something else
I procrastinate everything in my life so bad. I’m terrible
I think I'm beginning to develop some form of anxiety
Band practice
Not sure about everything
Weed
I'm taking a gap year to overcome mental illness. It's the most difficult thing I've ever done.
24-year-old RN, currently living at home looking for a job...it's insane!
Xanax as needed
What should I put on job application for the reason I left my last job....
Feeling really crappy about myself tonight
Just bought Super B complex and L-Theanine for my anxiety
Going to dinner with a potential employer scared they will realize I'm an anxious mess [22F]
will my teacher hate me now
How to support my partner when their anxiety makes them avoid certain tasks
Week 3 of meditation.
Thoughts? New job.
We I realized my worth after hearing this quote, I began to slowly learn to manage my anxiety.
Cried at work today
I got shouted at while i was at work and now i dont want to go back in
Ive recently learned that I have probably had anxiety my whole life
UPDATE to "Love Lexapro but not at the cost of being able to climax": Got put on Tintellix. Side effects are wrecking me and it's only day 2...
Healthy anxiety.
Have I just developed OCD?
I don’t like being alone at home with my thoughts.
Are you ever in a situation where your with coworkers/family/friends whoever their talking and you wanna chime in about what they said but then you don’t and then your just like never mind I won’t even bring it up its too late now.
I registered to a dating app, get a penpal throug a book focused website this week, after 5+ years of living like a martian caveman and not talking to anybody besides coworkers(thats not a real conversation anyway). I'm mildly freaked out.
Personal CBD experience
My weight gain is killing me
I hate going to sleep
Dating after 3.5 years single, with health issues
When you depersonalize...
On SSRIs does that "I'm on a massively powerful psychoactive drug" feeling ever go away?
I have made a subreddit dedicated to providing people comfort after having a bad dream. I have stress related bad dreams almost daily which is a product of my anxiety. Check it out if that's something that you suffer from too.
DAE get first-thing-in-the-morning anxious nausea and vomiting?
Exploring anxiety meds
Does your anxiety get worse if you miss breakfast / skip a meal?
How do I leave this Country
New Job and Not Fitting In...
Anyone else have this weird phobia?
Does anyone else get unbearable pre-work dread?
My experience with Anxiety
My anxiety is through the roof and I can’t cope!!!
Any anxiety natural remedies ?
Question about fear of anxiety itself..
Leaving my house is hard
I keep getting panic attacks at work and f*cking things up.
The supposedly reassuring saying, “most of the things you worry about won’t even happen!” causes me to think “if I worry profusely about this, then it won’t happen”.
Relating To Others
Why the fuck do I have to take drugs to be normal
ADA + Taking a New Job
Fragile masculinity
Best job without having to talk to people face to face or without being bother [high schooler]
Anxiety made me stop smoking
How to stop panic attacks?
today i heard woman telling her little daughter "i never lie whatsoever", definitely lying in that very moment. damn, she represents anxiety to the fullest.
THC
Help with an anxiety trigger...
People like you more than you think - new studies say self-doubt can take a seat
Eating triggers anxiety
I'm very very worried
Unable to make decisions. Anxiety?
Spoke to my crush today ! I was cringy 🙈
I finally made lunch
making a lot of mistakes at work recently
First week College anxiety.
Has anyone tried progressive relaxation/meditation? Does it work?
What makes you feel calm?
Anyone feels lonely when people around are enjoying ?
Short Irregular Heartbeat During Intense Exercise
Panic attacks are ruining my life
What non-controlled anti-anxiety medications might I bring up to my doctor?
Anxious about a trip
How to Tackle Stress in a World With the Highest Stress Ever
The current political climate is really making me anxious.
I've always coped with intellectualization, but I think I'm ready to give feeling things a try. Have any of you had coping mechanisms that were helpful for years but you've had to eventually move on from?
I Can't Handle American Politics
I need to job search but every time I try I get overwhelming physical anxiety. Any advice?
Heyy i need help
Anxiety, OCD, or Both?
Can I get propranolol online
Can someone help me on how to prepare for my 1.therapy appointment?
I'm 20, and I feel like my life is over. How stupid am I being?
I hate myself
Lingering Anxiety after a Panic Attack.. help?
Does anybody work from home? I desperately need to. How can I get started?
anxietys of past online mistakes
keeping up with therapy
Online Survey Study – “Thoughts About Self and Negative Behaviors”
Are you an extrovert with social anxiety? Please share your experiences and how do you cope with it.
How can I minimize anxiety when seeing a horror movie in a theatre?
Anyone know how to stop having nightmares? They're scary vivid and have been constant the last 3 days
My mom said “You’re so stupid I wanna kill you.”
Anxiety about making progress in life
uncomfortable in my own home
I constantly feel my peers (millennial) are competing/trying to one up/judging me - anyone else or is this my anxiety
Self-help tips?
Anxiety caused by self imposed high expectations
No creativity left for a good title
HyperawarenessOCD
Worried my habits will ruin my relationships.
My anxiety is keeping me from getting a job.
The lies anxiety tells me
Psycho-therapy for anxiety
Anxiety Attack
I’m having surgery today and I need everything I can to help me calm down. So I got dog pajamas to wear to the hospital.
Looking for someone to tell me they are experiencing the same thing.
i got a job
Help with irrational fear
How to get past the various thoughts of dying?
Guilty about making an empty promise
Anybody else with big ego and low self esteem. It's hard to deal with it. Anything which helped you?
just venting :(
Struggling to shake sad/anxious thoughts and feelings
Generalized anxiety... that makes sense
Today I finally returned a missed call and got an interview scheduled!
The Future
Never in my life would I have thought that crying was going to be something I would want. Need. At this point, it is my only relief to anxiety. When I am able to summon tears and sob, it helps me relive the pain. How did this happen.... I just want it to stop.
i feel like i’m going crazy and the world is against me
I am desperate and need help. Seeing my psychiatrist tomorrow.
Anxiety, OCD, or Both?
I’ve lost hope that I’ll get better
Before you discovered this sub-Reddit, did you feel you were the only one dealing with these kinds of problems?
panic attacks??? TW
I hope you are feeling ok.
Why am I pushing my friends away
Jist have a question about anxiety and chest pains?
No more meds after 15 years!
I'm 20 and I feel like my entire life is over, how stupid am I being?
I talk about my problems way too much with my friends and I feel bad about it.
Well shit
ACT Makes Me Feel Like My Life Is Ending
What do you guys do when you have a panic attack?
Guys, I'm gonna have an endoscopy soon and I'm freaking out
Anyone who takes medication do you feel like it makes you burst out laughing uncontrollably at random times even when things aren’t that funny?
Odd manifestation
Numbness for weeks.
I want to go to public school but fear of school shootings.
Anxiety and holidays putting a strain on my relationship
I can't tell if it is anxiety or something else.
Could my anxiety be due to physical problems?
Does anyone have anxiety when it comes to spending money even little amounts?
Dementia
Social aniety and sweating
New job anxiety
Anxiety has replaced most of the feelings in this fling
Can’t eat and afraid of sleeping due to anxiety - anyone else experience this?
Weighted Blankets?
DAE have difficulty speaking/getting words out when having panic/anxiety
I have minor anxiety over this one phobia.
Do you ever worry about pains?
I haven't slept 3 well 3 nights, i'm scared
Lonely and antisocial at the same time.
Severe anxiety feels like being claustrophobic in your own mind
Anxiety from flying
My 1 week experience with ssris, and question about beta blockers
I feel like I can’t cope with adulthood.
Desperate for advice
Anxiety surrounding new job
When you have no real interests, hobbies or material desires and you're asked what you want for Christmas
I'm not social anymore
Anxiety that lingers
Suicidal Thoughts VS Intrusive Thoughts
Embarrassing day
How do you guy stop yourself from thinking everyone in your life hates you?
I know this isn't so much anxiety...
Anyone else acknowledge their anxiety is coming from an irrational place but get angry when you can't talk yourself out of it?
Struggling when my schedule is too busy
My anxiety is killing my ability to get back to school
Relaxation Tech
Where do I get help?
I think I retreated into my mind from moderate neglect and some abuse growing up, I watched a lot of television. I think I understand why I am how I am.
Dealing with flight anxiety
PLEASE What is happening?
Service Dog
Flying to NYC for Thanksgiving
Anyone else get anxiety from the way the current administration treats the press?
Is this normal? Intense constant chest tension...
We're building a platform to empower people with social anxiety, and I'd love to get your thoughts on its design. You will be entered to win a $10.00 gift certificate to Starbucks.
What do I do when bad friends are trying to contact me again?
At the movies alone right now, I’m feeling good.
Anxiety and overthinking are making it difficult to enjoy anything
Anyone else get anxious about naps in fear that you can’t sleep later in the night and then get more anxious?
ANXIETY, DELUSIONAL, OR JUST PLAIN OL’ CRAZY???
Sick and Tired.
New job Anxiety
WHAT IS THE RIGHT POSITION TO SLEEP FOR EACH OF THESE HEALTH PROBLEMS?
Waiting on a job to call me back (did I just screw myself?)
Anxiety at Uni as a Masters student
Does anxiey worsen?
I’ve been in such a good mental state lately, but I feel the anxiety creeping back in...
Does anyone else feel like they’re going to die in their sleep or the next day?
I get stuck between trusting my gut and not listening to the negativity in my head.
Watching tv
For anyone that needs it 😪💔
A discord for people who have anxiety disorders / panic attacks.
I'm in tears because I had to move my car
Can anyone relate to this?
Major difficulty stopping xanax
My favorite quote when dealing with anxiety “don’t believe what you think”
Constant anxiety in class every single day and I don't know how to handle it.
What should i do? :(
First time experiencing this type of panic
Climate change is killing me.
Fear of driving
Currently trying to drown my probs with coronas...
I ran out of my prescription before election day
I want to quit school because of anxiety.
After years of not talking to people, now that I want to, I feel like nothing I say is important or wanted.
[Music Video] Ariana Grande - Breathin (Ariana has released an MV for the song that speaks about her anxiety, it's had a big impact on me)
New blog
Brand new to any type of anxiety problems..
Wish I could know FOR CERTAIN where my love life will go...
Need tips, need help, so many questions, please
Had a really awful day today, hoping for some reassurance that I'm not the only one who gets these symptoms.
Anxiety ruins my relationships
Managing Anxiety with Quiet Direction
Anxiety sets in when relaxed
Is going on anxiety meds worth it?
Alcohol decrease effectiveness of Lexapro (or ssri) over time?
Does anyone else feel like anxiety has made them a ‘stronger’ person?
Does anyone else experience this?
Here I am again, I’m anxious behavior with myself.
What it's like having mental health issues at universities
A behaviour of mine I noticed.. Anyone else?
compulsive behaviours
❤️
How to make the most of out of my therapy sessions?
Lexapro for social anxiety
Does anxiety cause constipation for anyone
I feel like a creep or a bad person in public.
How do you all deal with relationship anxiety?
Anxiety feels like floating on an eggshell in lava.
Will it ever become easier?
Advice Needed...
Why am I experiencing so many wet dreams after weaning my dosage from lexapro?
Does anyone else experience a vibrating sensation in their chest or extremities?
Intrusive Thoughts are Making my Parents Suspicious of me
What the hell is going on with me?
I feel like I just can’t do this anymore.
Sat here in a maths lesson about to die
Hey Guys! I [ M 24] has a long distance SO [F 26].
You are unavailable when you let your anxiety control you.
Is it common to be incredibly sad, lonely and disappointed etc about this situation or is it mainly due to my fear of abandonment?
My boyfriend isn't comfortable with me in his apartment anymore
Trouble Getting to School
Spire Stone: Stress Management at 20% Off.
Driving.
I have social anxiety.
My job sucks
This is such a dumb thing to get upset about but I need to talk
Just skipped class for the first time due to anxiety
Anxiety of the day
Is this normal with anxiety?
Anxiety or more then anxiety
It is just so stupid, but I still fall to it.
Extreme anxiety
How do I stop hating myself for my race?
I don’t know what to do.
I spend half my time in hot water...
Hairdresser assistence stresses me out
Uncontrollable gagging?
Why is it like this?
I was about to seek help for anxiety, but I walked back home and started crying. I feel so pathetic. I can't live like this for much longer.
I had to resort to diazepam just to get out the house this morning. I feel like such a failure.
I have to present in front of my whole company this afternoon
Does anyone have advice on how I can stop literally ripping my nails out?
Help!
Anxiety is thinking everyone and no one cares about you at the same time
Wish me Luck
Talking to people over a video game
Does anyone else’s concerns get tossed aside because of their general anxiety?
I’m seeing a therapist for the first time tomorrow, needless to say I’m nervous.
I feel like im losing my mind
This song helps me out when I need a boost for the day. I hope it helps you all as well.
Can’t play video games anymore
DAE only focus on the negative things said to you?
Hiding in the bathroom at work. Retching.
Submitted some of my writing ideas to a writing subreddit (not r/writing), got an overwhelmingly negative response...
High Anxiety
May the Darkness be Conquered By the Light
Stiol could use someone to talk to and distract me from this hell.. :/
Help with medicine.
I need help just getting my mind off this
Passive aggressiveness
How do I freaking stop being jealous?
Trapped
Help with SO with anxiety
Think I’m going to finally try finding a therapist - any advice on how to pick?
I have a terrible phobia of bugs. Can't sleep, can't concentrate, can't relax.
Girlfriend just exploded at me.
Anyone else worry/stress but can’t figure out why?
Why is picking a therapist so hard?!?!
Other than voting today, do something else good for yourself and read this.
Is this a panic attack?
should I keep my on-campus job?
Feeling like this time it won't be anxiety?
Insomnia caused by stress. I'm feel like I'm going crazy.
Had anxietyception (OC)
New Chapter: New Hope!
Does anyone else feel like they want to live in a world where no one knows they exist?
depersonalization and really realistic dreams?
I need help expressing myself to a friend.
Is this what anxiety is?
Effexor and Sleep Paralysis?
Only thing that keeps me going
Today
Mental Health Subreddit Experience Research
Test/Grades Anxiety
I feel like anxiety makes it hard to take action
Therapist hunt begins again?
Can cbd oil helped anyone????
My anxiety is getting worse
I feel like my anxiety is breaking my relationships
I’m just in her way
The Best "Anti-Anxiety Songs
Having an ALS scare. Does this look like atrophy to you?
I found out you can currently get three psychology books free from audible
Wrote a poem about how I feel. Exhausted but not at the same time. Not exhausted bc my brain is so fast. But exhausted because. Hard to explain.
Feeling defeated about health anxiety
Fed up of feeling like I need constant reassurance
i just voted >:)
Vitamin B6
Psychosomatic stomach pain?
Depression makes me tired. Anxiety keeps me awake. Experienced a peaceful state today and slept for an hour in the afternoon.
Fear of anxiety make me unproductive at work
How do I get people to stop touching me?
Moving on from the past?
What are some ways you face your fears and challenges everyday?
I feel as if my own mind is against me.
Anxiety at home. No real place for comfort.
Is this normal?
Haven't worked outside my house in over 9 years, but about to call and schedule a job interview. Hooboy.
Hey guys, this is my first time posting, but I'm going to go see a new therapist today.
I'm going to beat that fucker up
Anyone else panic when hungry?
I dont know how to handle being popular in this class.
So many changes...Happy but I don't do well with change
What job can I do?
Does anyone else obsess and worry about the concept of death?
So do hyperventilation and shallow breathing come hand in hand with severe anxiety?What are long term side effects of this?
how do i study for a huge exam when i have debilitating anxiety?
As an introvert with social anxiety, I created a video on how I am dealing with it.
Anyone else love automated self checkout?
I can’t seem to handle criticism
I hate school
I’m going to be selfish and stop caring about others so much!
Drank too much - the more I try to remember the less I actually can. I think my anxiety might actually be to blame.
I've suffered from relationship anxiety for a very long time, am now in a relationship with someone where I don't have the same anxiety problems I have always had, but I know the problem still exists and not sure therapist is helping me or how she can help me.
Too much serotonin?
Anxiety Frustrations, looking for some advice
Almost Cure for Anxiety? Whaaaaaat?!
What Am I too her?
For people with GAD, do you remember when it all started?
Searching for tips and tricks to deal with appetite suppression from anxiety
Getting better and things that helped
Therapist Appreciation and Doubts
turned down the prescription today
Anxious about grad school
I'm failing my classes because I'm too anxious to go and participate
Taking control (of what I can)
I was bullied by a co-worker at my new job and the panic attacks started again. On the day I finally told my boss, the girl kept attacking me. I cut myself and just got out of the hospital--18 days later. Why so calm?
Used Instacart to overcome shopping anxiety but the fees are getting to me... :/
Does anyone else overthink how much they talk?
I've been walking around my local hospital with my shirt inside out for, like, 10 minutes
Panic attack with guy i just started dating
We want to donate weighted blankets to charities/people in need. Any ideas/recos?
Update! (RE: severe chest pain) + new meds. Looking for advice.
I'm trying to figure out what I have
Advice on withdrawals
How to be kind to myself?
I forgot to update my voter registration to a new address, and now I feel really guilty.
Don't take clonazapam 3days in a row.
Weekly anxiety about weekly meetings.
Day 4 of Lexapro for anxiety and depression. I want to stop taking it.
How to stop the cycles of anxiety?
ADVICE Quitting job
Am I crazy?
anxiety-can't go to work i want to stay in bed
You aren't alone, we help each other.
First anxiety attack
Anxiety makes me think i like things i despise normally
do you sometimes reminisce and wonder how you lived without anxiety, how you didn't care, how you could not be nervous about things?
Back in touch with an old friend and I'm falling apart because of it. (Long post.)
Anyone in a good relationship still having relationship anxiety? Any successes?
I only get anxiety in school
How to ease anxiety while waiting for results
DAE have “Go Vote” Anxiety?
You have anxiety, too? I feel ya! Now please do your part of the group project
Does anyone have social jobs even though you have anxiety?
I am agoraphobic
When to quit therapy?
Heavy chest feeling
Mental issues and fulltime work don't go together
[deleted by user]
I can never escape
My Complete Guide on overcoming Anxiety in a Healthy and Natural way!
Recurring anxiety after treatments. I am losing hope to fully recover
Unfixable
Anyone else have trouble with phone calls?
Anyone else have trouble with phone calls?
Worse now than it’s ever been
You are unavailable when you let your anxiety control you.
Someone I Thought I Was Friends With Didn't Know My Name: Here's What I Did About It
What do I do now?
Do I quit my job to improve my mental health
Driving exam anxiety
Anyone else feels like it is "too late" to be cured?
Scheduled worry time?
Confused on the Thought of Death
US Midterm Election Mega Thread
I can't take this anymore
I need to write this out to feel better. Im in a bubble!
[VIDEO] How To Skillfully Give Hypnotic Gifts During Street Hypnosis
[deleted by user]
Voter Anxiety
How long do the side effects last when stopping antidepressants?
Never know if I am being reasonable or anxiety has taken hold
How do I calm myself down and get on with my day after a (relatively brief) anxiety attack?
Paxil has done absolutely nothing for my Anxiety and OCD...
Anxiety: How are you treating your little brother?
Coffee brands and anxiety
Driving Test on Friday?
Anxiety is a killer
Battle of perception
School anxiety caused me a sickness vacation.
I just started a new SSRI last week and I feel like I'm acting weird.
Hi! My First Post (of many I suspect)
Everybody's watching
I feel like my anxiety has completely taken over my life
Afraid of God
First honest post: I'm pissed off and feel so alone
Does anyone has the same Anxiety problem?
I’m a blushing zombie
How long do the side effects of an antidepressant increase wear off?
Living with partner with severe anxiety and depression.
Mental Symptoms fine, Physical Symptoms still here
Can’t decide whether or not I should do public or online school
Motivation and procrastination
My Anxiety
When it hits me, I can’t stop flexing my left breast muscle
I will explode
Headspace Cleanse
Social anxiety eating my soul
MANAGING YOUR ANXIETY
Having some serious anxiety. (Ptsd) M26
The balloon decorations at my local pub
On my way to the ER
Does anti-anxiety medication really work, without making me lose my personality or way of thinking?
Anyone else experience anxiety attacks when drunk/high
Deja vu is terrifying me
Why i actually quit and where i am now
Anytime I wake up or do anything I feel like I'll die from a heart attack, stroke or cancer soon.
What to do if youre a dumb and ugly girl?
I'm reaching dead end in life, and I don't know what to do.
advice on dealing with physical symptoms of anxiety?
I just can't do this anymore
Are Alternative Anxiety Consultation and Treatment options any good?
How do you deal with dwelling on mistakes?
Anxious thoughts
Lucid dreaming and hallucinations, are they due to anxiety?
Spilled liquid on my computer.... again
About to drop out of college due to concussion induced anxiety
I don’t think my stepmom cares about me anymore
It is crazy how some things with exposure I can get over and my anxiety goes down the more I do it, and for other things no matter how much I do it, the anxiety never goes down.
Is there a drug that sort of has the opposite effect of klonipin? Instead of feeling somewhat sedated, you’d feel a little more alert and excited.
Driving anxiety?
Lost health insurance
Idk if I'm fucking up relationships or if my anxiety/ depression is just making me think I am.
Currently being eaten alive by anxiety; could use some support
What would you do?
I Feel Like I'm A Calculator Competing In A World Of Smartphones
severe driving anxiety
I could really use some motivation and help
What's the process like to switch meds?
Upper jaw ache under molars causing high anxiety
How frequently should I be taking a benzo if I want to avoid addiction?
Losing things
Do you get terrible headaches a day or two after needing to use a benzo? What do you do about it?
Anxiety symptoms reversing?
Hindering my career
"I can see you type" new psychological thriller coming out near you
What should i do? Need help
Quarter-life crisis = anxiety?
Venting
Feeling like something bad is going to happen.
Worried about exploring/curiosities from childhood getting me in trouble or arrested one day
The fear of failing
Anxiety from a job now a cycle of no sleep and physical panic symptoms
Brain Fog/Numbness
DAE have tremendous anxiety about tomorrow?
Anxious that I don't love my girlfriend??
What kind of anxiety do you have?
Anyone Else Dissociate All the Time?
Lack of routine Or hospital stay has the anxiety overwhelming at this time.
I feel like I am going insane
Eye floaters are ruining my life. Constant headache, belly pain, no focus, no patience with anyone, want only to sit in the dark.
New episode of Waiting For Good: unwelcome binge-eating call outs, traumatic club stories, and Halloween struggles.
THE DARKER SIDE OF ANXIETY: How Anxiety Destroyed my Family
Good Week, Bad Couple of days
Didn't get the Dream Job...Hell, didn't even get an Interview
I am using a throwaway account to write about my anxiety and depression because im scared that i will be laught at for my problems if my friends find out about it
Father of anxious teen needing help.
You are not alone!! Life being a hypochondric and having GAD. Story of my life in the past 3 years
Weed for Anxiety?
Help with Skin Problems from Stress/Anxiety
Eating alone
Out of body experience??
Does anyone's hands ever feel weird like not in the tingly way but like there's butterflies in your hands if that makes sense and you wanna clinch your fist?
Sharing experiences with anxiety/agoraphobia
I drew my social anxiety
Interviewing, job searching, and working is the worst...
Unwanted thoughts
Shaking hands with a girl
I drew my social anxiety
Anxiety: How are you treating your little brother?
Feeling guilty after telling someone about what I'm struggling with
I think I'm annoying my friends
Anxiety from ruminating over things I've said/done
My anxiety is becoming obsessive and completely disrupting my life again.
Tense as hell, struggling to get through my last hour of qoek
7 Things That Piss Introverts Off
Need Help Talking To People
I want to die but I’m scared.
Help me please i cant take this anymore
Anxiety attack recovery
tips on making friends?
I drew my social anxiety
My girlfriend keeps asking me to go to therapy and I don’t want to
Are curiosity/exploring things from your childhood things you could get in trouble for one day?
My Social Anxiety
Helpful Anxiety & Panic attack App for Me: Rootd
Has anyone tried acupressure wrist bands for nausea?
I hate how my boyfriend not asking me to do things with his family gives me such bad anxiety.
Has anyone tried weighted blankets for anxiety ?
25F need help with sudden crippling anxiety about working, please
The diversity and inclusion rhetoric in my company is driving me insane
Anyone else have crazy physical symptoms from their anxiety?
Seeking Therapy for Anxiety Attacks and Telling Girlfriend
My anxiety is off the charts as I’m drawing closer to an important event and I don’t know what to do.
Everything roommates do bug me
Has anyone ever taken Lexapro as low as 1mg?
How to cope with public speaking?
Almost over
Anxiety and sex.
Crippling anxiety getting in the way of my life! Please Help!!
Terrible anxiety about work
My Social Anxiety
Back on the road to Recovery
Anxiety tries to still our Joy - Sing Anyway
My Social Anxiety
"Ghosted" by my therapist
My first panic attack
Today is rough - any tips?
Advice: My (26M) girlfriend (26F) struggles from major anxiety and I'm having trouble relating and helping
Progress: I am almost back to my normal routine!
Anxiety about going to class, and I've failed every test this semester. Now I really don't want to go. What's the point?
Anxiety makes me unmotivated
Anxiety is out of control.
How can I get over this crippling anxiety?
Got fired
DAE have those moments where they feel like "ahhhh I'm so lonely"?
my teacher just yelled at me i wanna die
[deleted by user]
i hate it when my teacher directs everyones attentiom to me everytime he or she does that i wanna jump off a balcony into a bed of white hot knives
Productive Chat Group For S.A
I had one of the worst nights of my life and I don’t know where to go from here
Managing an Anxiety / Panic Attack
Self destructive behavior
Replacing Xanax with Zoloft?
Talk with girlfriend didn’t go as well as I thought it would
Good Morning and don’t be afraid to believe in yourself
How do you break an anxious habit?
How can I open up to other people?
Wife now says she’s been struggling with anxiety after I tell her I want a divorce
Self- Sabotage
I can’t get out of my head
Telling my parents about my anxiety (Well...I didn't exactly tell them, they called me mid break down)
Anxiety and deep sadness brought on by something so small...
Is it normal to feel increased anxiety from an increased Zoloft dosage?
Counselling experience
Anxiety Multiplying my "feelings"
If you’re reading this, I hope you have an amazing day.
Useful tips for your sleep.
Dental emergency and huge anxiety
Fear of having a stroke
Guess this sub wont be my home
Failed school, now living on my sister's couch
I’m sick of my pregnancy fear
Anxious about getting a haircut
Don't wanna recommend this but
Is it ok if I vent here?
Are there any studys of general breathing patterns of those with an anxiety disorder vs control?
What makes someone Moronic? Idiotic? Naive? Manchild? Stupid? Approval chaser? Dull? Boring? Bland? People pleasing? Beta male? No back bone?
Stressed About Potential New Job
Was doing pretty good for a week but now just feeling terrible.
Tips?
About to have a very important exam aka I'm a nervous wreck
Weighted blanket reviewed
Weighted blanket
Anxiety resurfacing after being mostly dormant for around 3 years?
I’m absolutely terrified of losing my parents
How to talk to my therapist (Not sure how to tag this post, advance needed I guess?)
My daughter is 13 and won’t sleep on her own, tonight l tried to ‘force’ her (said l would take computer/phone away). She has lights, l going to sleep on the floor until she fell asleep. She couldn’t do it - worked herself into a full blown panic attack.Is it even worth it to push her? Help
I want to start working out because I hear it helps anxiety. There's a problem, though
I'm scared I'm just waiting to be disappointed
Fast motion
Having trouble beating myself up..
I am really struggling with the physical Symptoms. How do I manage this / reduce them. I feel defeated.
Anxiety about my heart
My only friend is my cat.
Anxiety spiking for no reason.
Does anybody ever try to stop overthinking but only end up overthinking whether or not they are overthinking?
Anxiety lack of Attention to detail
Can't Deal With Anxiety Anymore...Can't Cope and Want to Give Up
I want to be happy, dammit!
Death by headshot
"I have to be honest with you, in my 7 years of being at this company, no one has requested more time off than you."
Does anyone else constantly feel like they’re going to die soon?
I'm stuck in a loop
The gym and social anxiety
Being cared for scares the crap out of me.
I've been taking the wrong medication for 3 weeks
Can anyone talk right now?
What’s keeping y’all alive*my mom* cause she’s shows me a lot of love what about y’all?
So scared of switching jobs
Does anyone experience weight loss from Buspar?
Quitting Paxil/Paroxetine
Could really use some help
I think I have GAD. What are my next steps?
I keep stressing about my career at 17
New to Anxiety- Looking for any tips
It gets better
ROCD: I don't know how to stop compulsing/reassurance seeking about girl and now very numb and depressed
Considering getting a weighted blanket, but my girlfriend and I weigh very different amounts and I do get hot very easily. Advice?
Feeling like life is on a timer and it’s almost gone.
What did I experience? A panic attack? Derealisation?
DAE have to turn on the water when they go to the bathroom?
Help
tough weekend
Just wanted to pass this information on
So anxious about failing college that I put off work and now I am ACTUALLY failing
Why am I like this?
Always remind yourself.
Anxiety Medications-what do you use? Does it work? Have you tried something that doesn’t work?
Am I emotionally blunted from anxiety/depression or from antidepressants?
How do I learn to deal with the anxiety when waiting for a woman to text back?
Always remind yourself.
Do you think you can make yourself feel anxious?
Who here doesn't like to go out/go to parties?
My calming mantra
has anyone had another person give you extreme anxiety? what do you think this means?
Help with my anxiety
It's been a week long holiday, everyone around me is going out getting drunk and high getting pussy having fun
Caffeine
Has anyone else started to get weird, dangerous thoughts on sertraline?
Anxiety after overeating?
Is this a sign of agoraphobia?
I'm losing my mind...
I get nervous about my heart rate
You know how you can't have grapefruit while on sertraline/zoloft? Well can I have grapes and grape juice?
My sister worries about the end of the world
Anxiety
Waking up in a panic.
Why am I still anxious??!
How do I convince my anti-psych anything sister to reach out for help?
My former boss from hell came to my new office for a three day workshop!
I'm scared of how nervous I was meeting up with a friend yesterday.
I feel like I don’t believe my own memory
I just read that anyone can die of a brain aeurysm at any second, regardless of health.
Fluvoxamine (luvox) and tiredness
Flying and Travel Ruining my Life!
Anxious because of internship
I get anxoius around my cats
I am supposed to fly a 15 hour-long flight day after tomorrow
My anxiety is stopping me from doing my bio lab.
Does anyone else get major anxiety when song lyrics continuously play in your head?
I’m becoming more and more anxious about the midterm election results Tuesday. I live in Texas and the senate race is very close and I just don’t know how I’m going to make of through Tuesday or this week, especially depending on results. Any ideas on what I can do to help ease this?
Does anyone else experience what my boyfriend does when he zones out?
Starting SNRI, feeling out of control. Can I start by taking it every second day then increase to daily after a week?
Convinced I hypnotized myself, I’m super scared
Scared of the end
Social Anxiety
Is the best way to deal with anxiety to stop fighting it?
Anxiety, why do you sneak up me
How to stop thinking
Scared to death about turning 17
I’m having a panic attack right now
Should I drop out?
I wish the anxiety of my boyfriend not loving me would go away.
Dizziness on Sertraline (generic Zoloft)
Clutter cause anxiety?
Terrified I’ll make the “wrong” choice when I vote
When your local newspaper compares mental illness with antisemitism, racism, hate, and mass gun violence. Wtf?
What helped/helps you best with Health Anxiety/Hypochondria?
Severe chest pain. Really scared. (xposted to AskDocs)
A lifetime of potential relationships sabotaged by anxiety
Academic anxiety
Wearable anxiety tracker/helper
Any tips dealing with a spouse with bad anxiety and hypochondria?
Anyone tried vitamin supplements to help reduce anxiety?
I haven’t had an appetite in a week
Waking up with racing heart and anxiety
Anxious after being called into work..
Tips for Anxiety for Paratrooper?
Yesterday my worst anxiety/fear actually happened
What do heart palpitations feel like?
Anyone else's anxiety and depression get worse when you're sick?
DAE see a horse/zebra? My psych says I find faces or objects where there are none and it's a symptom of my anxiety disorder, but like.. c'mon that's a horse right?
DAE constantly have this feeling of there being something you should worry about, even though you know there is no such thing?
Dreams
Anxiety paralysis...Is this a thing?
I have anxiety/panic/PTSD, I can be paranoid at times & see faces where there are none. This door at my psych office looks like a horse/zebra to me, & they told me it's a symptom of my anxiety. Does anyone else see it?
Anxiety, I will transform you...
Do you guys have to deal with people who brag about themselves a lot?
Anxiety and Cymbalta.. please help!
A powerful video about anxiety
Should I take Lorazepam tonight?
I think I’m about to get fired
Going into a Partial Hospitalization Program
Narcissistic house mate is sending my anxiety crazy, I am running on empty and 0 sleep. (Vent)
How to deal with anxiety during job hunting?
Explaining anxiety to someone who has never experienced it
Has anyone had ECT therapy that helped their anxiety or OCD?
Im afraid to live my life.
If you are in a high anxiety state all day, what do you do to self-soothe and get yourself back down to normal again?
Has anyone else had really vivid dreams after starting a new medication?
Dr prescribed metoprolol (beta blocker)
I (27F) didn't take him (31M) back because it didn't feel right in my gut. Are gut feelings that reliable?
I need help but don’t know how to ask...
My mom invited my friend over when I really wanted to be alone.
Indie-Pop song about heartbreak and desperation...I need your feedback! :)
Anyone else have Carinophobia?
Stimulant abuse and anxiety.
Anxiety of commiting to ex (second chance)
Please don’t do this to me...
Writing a resume is giving me anxiety attacks.
Dating with anxiety is beginning to drive me insane
Met a girl that i really like...
How do i go to the mall with my mom in an hour-I feel so ugly and useless and the thought of going to the changeroom makes me panic.
Weird eye contact
Does anyone feel like there brain gets stuck in a fear loop and you can't get yourself out?
Tinnitus?
Threw myself in and anxiety provoking scene, so i won't feel bad about it later.
Worth remembering if you're having a bad day.
Anxiety making me obsessive.
[deleted by user]
3 Med Changes in 6 months - Has anyone had success with Bupropion?
Zigmund
Does Anybody Else feel anxious when they are at the university ?
Worried about overhydration, not sure if to post here. Really scared
Do you ever feel like mental illnesses are like a simulations
Start my new job today 😖
All i need is someone to talk to
Family anxiety. Help?
0 to 100. Pregnant?
Archery: Why I think it's a great sport for those with anxiety disorders
Overwhelmed need advice
Is this a symptom of anxiety or a completely rational thought?
Anxiety when dealing with emotions for someone
Small tip if you have pain in your gut
Smoked some weed yesterday and felt as if I was going to die. Did I have a panic attack?
What are your thoughts on therapy?
Embarrassed
new anxiety
What to do when you are depressed and don't want to even want to g to school or do anything at all and it's been like this since forever
Tried to seek help in all the wrong places
Do the racing thoughts ever slow down? Is it like this forever?
I feel like I'm a bad person and I have no one to talk to.
When you stay up late just to avoid work in the morning but realize that it will just lead to more problems tomorrow...
Very extreme exestential anxiety help
DAE has stomach surges/ heart surges while falling asleep?
Symptoms of anxiety attack?
DAE ever wish they were dead, but aren’t suicidal??
Severe Panic Attack over New Environments and Social Settings
I'm paranoid as hell, but I'm to afraid to tell anyone and get help.
Giving myself anxiety about my future
I’m socially awkward
I've been dealing with this for a long time.
I thought feeling this was normal.
Fidgeting
Anxiety about a few things
anxiety attack at the movies
Had an anxiety attack at work
Heaviness in my muscle surrounding eyelids- Lifelong issue appreciate the help
an open letter to my anxiety
Anxiety is ruling my life
Cannot shake this impending sense of dread.
Feel bad for getting anxiety but don't really know what to do.
I have a lazy eye and I’m a cashier at a fast food place any place to work were I don’t have to talk to people?
Does anyone else wake up in a panic/out of breath?
Small victory - Breaking my nail biting habit
People with anxiety & on meds - what are your experiences (and differences) on meds vs. without meds?
I need some advice
Does anyone else become "themselves" when they're a little drunk?
Gf going out to bars and getting drunk gives me panic attacks.
Panic attack in social situations especially in class
Panic attack
Can anxiety and stress cause dizzy spells? I think I am getting them
This happen to anyone else
My fear of salmonella poisoning might come true!
I was having a full on panic attack at Universal today. This pic with my wife means a lot
Has anyone experienced a panic attack after drinking alcohol?
Trust decreases, anxiety increases anytime booze is in the mix.
How can I stop ruining my life. Fear of disease, HPV, cancer. History of anxiety and body dysmorphic disorder. Never had sex or a relationship. 27F
Has anyone tried holistic medication for anxiety? (Advice for someone who has anxiety about taking medication)
Applying for jobs
What are good jobs for someone with anxiety? Especially social anxiety?
How do I reduce anxiety around driving?
Everything is falling apart.
I am lost and don’t know what to don’t long
Costochodritis and Chest pain
Good experience on Wellbutrin XL 150mg for over a year, suddenly SO MUCH ANXIETY
How to determine your worth
Does anyone else get so anxious around certain people to the point where you're too nervous to eat or do normal things in front of them?
Anxiety Overload
Can't stop crying
How to quit opioid addiction Buy Suboxone Online (http://www.suboxonesales.com/)
Any tips for dealing with panic attacks during work/school?
So who else is enjoying bonfire night? /s
27 days until I move house and it can't come soon enough.
Do you wear headphones when enjoying movies/music etc?
Could really use some support right now
Random question - does anyone else feel super anxious whenever a potential relationship manifests?
I get surgery again this week and I’ve been constantly worried for a month
You need to hear this:
What Physical or Mental symptoms do you get that you know will lead to a panic attack?
Am hated by everyone
I have an oral presentation soon and I feel like I'm not going to make it through
Eating more fruits and vegetables is really helping.
Research shows that Cannabidiol has potential for relieving stress and anxiety
I Ordered A Lyft For The First Time
Does anyone feel like a weird unexplainable feeling a constant sense of worry or something in their stomach almost daily even when there’s no reason or anything they know of to feel worried about?
Does Mirtazapine make you feel sick all day?
Anxiety makes me feel like everyone hates me.
I'm on Propranolol and Mirtazapine for my anxiety but it's not doing much, what are some good alternatives?
keep hope in your mind
Calling in sick to work is difficult enough on its own.
How do you not let it win?
Anxiety Triggers
Finally got the courage to leave the house to get some things after 3 weeks. Ended up getting chased and mugged by a load of teenagers who were shouting insults at me because apparently I gave them a "dirty look" outside KFC.
How do you cope with the fear of schizophrenia
Do you get panic attacks for NO REASON?
DAE feel almost constant chest pain and/or choking feeling?
Beta Blocker for Job Interview
Thinking gives me anxiety
Advice for how to stop my anxiety from interfering with my hobby?
I'm going to stop drinking.
It’s becoming too much
Has anyone experienced anxiety shaking while not necessarily feeling super anxious?
Anxiety attack at work.. really struggling
Can anxiety create depression symptoms?
I cannot focus. Weed. Last semester of college, at wits' end
Does anyone else experience more mental symptoms than physical during anxiety attacks?
What is considered to be the most intense treatment for anxiety? Is there inpatient long term hospitals for anxiety like they have for substance abuse?
TW: Talk of bugs
Thorazine and fluanxol
Any tips to stop ruminating thoughts and what if's
Graduation party disaster and other things
Anyone get anxiety over figuring what to do for the day?
(x-post from r/aspergers) anxiety (a vent)
I thought of another comic about anxiety!
(x-post from r/aspergers) anxiety (a vent)
I am having a subtle anxiety attack
New job offer
Getting hurt too easily ?
Had such bad anxiety I phoned the non emergency support line and they sent me to the emergency room.
Can physical anxiety symptoms last for days?
I'm glad we have anxiety
Guilty that I’m not doing more
What is the point in trying to fight anxiety?
Heart rate
Why and how - anxiety
Does Anybody Else feel anxious when you are not doing anything?
Anxiety/Depression Help
Do you believe your anxiety disorder is a result of traumatizing events or just your own mind/body?
The spiders
Anxiety over taking prescribed medication (Lyrica / pregabalin) - not sure what to do
I managed to take a faulty item back to the store!
Anxiety disorder and toxic family environment
I have to go to a jam packed stadium and I know my anxiety will flair up
Can anyone tell me how to use CBT to combat a fear of mine?
What about when you genuinely are a piece of shit?
Does anyone feel like no matter what medication their on for anxiety/depression or makes them feel super tired?
Study: Tetris is a great distraction for easing an anxious mind - Tetris players can achieve a state of blissful distraction known as "flow." People in such a state become completely absorbed and lose their sense of space and time, and as a result, experience less anxiety and stress.
How do I cope with the concept of death?
Finally realized the cause of my anxiety!
Extreme anxiety when dealing with women.
Anyone feel they laugh uncontrollably a lot more with anxiety or from being on anxiety medication?
Sleeping
Anxiety about a few things
Post-Nasal Drip Anxiety Trigger.
Just had my first panic attack in 2 weeks. It was triggered by music.
*internal screaming*
Tips for when it feels like your mind is going a million miles a minute?
Made these for my anxiety! Etizolam 10mg/1ml x 5ml! So 50mg total! Potent stuff for on the go!
I have confidence in myself, but zero confidence in the idea that other people have confidence in me.
i did very thing i feared (most) i wouldn't have strength to do when i have to. damn, we like catastrophizing.
Stress itching?
Im cripplingly anxious right now
The difficulty of turning isolation around
People talking about meds who know nothing about meds.
I have confidence in myself, but zero confidence in the idea that other people have confidence for me. Can anyone else relate to this?
SDiT Help for Anxiety
Decongestant Increased Anxiety
GAD + Coffee?
Need help asap. I have been having anxiety for a month and taking Prozac for 3 days. I’ve been to the E.R 4 times and been told I was healthy and nothing wrong with my heart. My resting rate with my Apple Watch is 64. But is it bad that my current heart rate goes down 34 or high 186 ?
I don’t want to go to a concert with my boyfriend
What dosage of Magnesium Glycinate do you take to help with anxiety?
I saw a therapist for the first time in forever today.
Very angry rant against anxiety and panic attacks
Anxiety that feels like it’s floating in its own void
DAE constantly think they are about to be fired at work?
Forgotten how to smile
Anxiety that feels, well, out of nowhere?
Weekend Check-in Thread: How's everyone doing? Any progress in your life or health? Having a bad time?
I'm scared :(
Anxiety related tattoos?
Having bad anxiety since grandma passed
Shades of Anxiety
Can anyone tell if it's anxiety that I'm experiencing?
Constantly afraid of loved ones leaving or being hurt
Face swelling and tingling while hyperventilating
[Academic], Mindfulness, Intolerance of Uncertainty, and Anxiety (U.S., 18 or older)
Whenever something bad/embarrassing happens I'm afraid it'll affect my relationship with my bf
Extreme anxiety over a potentially violent tooth extraction.
I haven't had a motivation to live for the past 2 years
Another one of these evenings
Work anxiety
I’m drunk and anxious and sick
Just feeling shitty
Men with anxiety, what’s your most successful story of asking someone on a date?
How do you guys feel about medication?
What is your experience with weighted blankets?
Mirtazepine (Remeron) knocked me out cold
I’m overthinking so much to the point I think my school hates me
I’m in deep.
I’m having these anxiety attacks like once a week and it’s all because I choose doing what I love over what I think I should want.
Therapeutic
It's just a matter of time before it all comes crashing down.
Anybody else have anxiety surrounding food/restaurants?
Guided Meditation for Decreasing Anxiety Through DEEP Relaxation
I’m feeling a setback heading my way
getting a job while having anxiety?
Seriously worried about hearing damage from work (driving all day listening to music)
Anxiety at peak levels, wanted a 'feel good movie', go to netflix.... 😲
Had a breakthrough today and it might help someone else.
Usually I kind of want to be left alone, but at the same time I want people to seek me, text me, want me. What's wrong with me?
I think Claire Foy describes anxiety pretty well
Breathing anxiety
The Gym Gives Me Anxiety... After 6 Months?
The power of music (scientifically proven)
Can anxiety be mistaken as or even cause anger management issues?
DAE get excited about/agree to plans only later to dread actually going?
Boy, I miss being young enough that I could hide under a table or bed until I felt better.
Too accurate
Random general anxiety vs specific stressor anxiety.
I can't function at all
Today has been such a rough day
My story: Gabie
I just figured funny way for primal scream therapy
To Med or not to Med
Does anyone else feel like bad things will keep happening to you because that’s all your life’s been so far?
Side-effects of Medications
This video helps me calm down when I’m having a panic attack. I hope it helps some of you too.
feeling guilty for saying "no" to social activities
Long term citalopram
Anyone else scared of the flu shot?
Planxiety?
Will having a religion help with anxiety?
Tyson Fury, Heavyweight champ boxing, describes his first panic attack.
How do you overcome paruresis (bladder shyness)?
If it was important, they'd leave a message
I’m sorry but I’m starting to question if people even really know what anxiety is. I understand everyone has their own struggle but some people experience stress and worry, which are normal feelings associated with living!, and then call it anxiety? Is it just me who has noticed this?
My long-distance girlfriend set up a FaceTime call w/ me today. Anxiety is unbearable.
Can being anxious actually cause physical pain?
Massive anxiety about new job
Crazy thing about anxiety
Relaxing soundtrack
Scared to be alone (panic disorder)
Ways to Reduce Social Anxiety.
I lost a life changing amount of money and don't know how to deal with it.
Anything outside of my routine causes me death anxiety
what should i do if my therapist is fully booked for a month and i need it now?
Every job makes me anxious
I will fight my Anxiety, won't shy away from it ever fucking AGAIN! I gave him a name: BITCH!
I have a stomach bug right now and my anxiety is only making it worse.
Having relationship anxiety coming in peaks and fucking up my night. I need reminders that relationship anxiety is false and will ruin a great relationship.
New Psychiatrist
How to stop an attack from happening?
I work in Child Welfare. Both my BP and resting heart rate are through the roof.
Anxiety over posts/wording
I always mess everything up, I can't go more than a few weeks without having everything in my life clash, and it's ALWAYS my fault
It's the first weekend of November and my eye is already twitching
Heres my plan for college
Any one else check if they are dressed on your way to work/school?
Parents who suffer with anxiety, how did you decide you were ready to have a child?
I have a really hard time being easy on myself when I cancel something due to anxiety, and it's taking a toll
If you are having anxiety about something coming up and need a better mindset...
Having a hard time motivating through anxiety
I Have No Appetite Haven't Ate Today
Anxiety has blocked me from fixing myself, im unsure how to break the wall.
Anxiety caused by my mother
My Guide to overcoming Anxiety naturally and healthy
Procrastination and anxiety
My phone broke
Anyone have any unopened CBD?
Coffee kills me 😩
I just got perscribed anxiety medication
Working on a project for my long distance boyfriend and need your help
My sex drive is completely GONE.
Is anybody else fearful of loved ones suddenly dying?
Anxious flyer less than 24 hours before flight
Meds: Zoloft vs ???
GAD and nocturnal panic attacks.
I beat my past bully!
(x-post from r/coupons) 50% OFF Weighted Blankets from YorkvilleBlankets.com. Use Code: REDDIT50. Valid thru 11/3/2018
I have got moderate anxiety/social anxiety,is it possible to recover without medication?
Why do i feel anxious most of time when i am in public. How can i stop it?
The conversation in my head
Driving Anxiety - Challenge #1 complete
have you ever developed drug (alcohol too is drug) addiction due to anxiety?
Anxiety about getting schizophrenia
The constant struggle of wanting to make friends but not wanting to interact.
I can’t seem to escape my anxiety
A fear of mine
Worried about my parents passing away
Sudden human interactions, I’m feeling super uncomfortable.
How do you get rid of the lingering emotions after a bad moment?
We deserve to sleep well. We deserve to have minds free from unwanted thoughts.
social anxiety? get crazy anxious about things i said during conversation
Does anyone also have constant inner monologue?
How do I get my life on track again, any app/sites to help with scheduling?
I need your advice. Anxiety has been controlling my life for years, and I feel that my only hope is a benzo prescription. The problem is, I have a highly addictive personality.
Does overthinking count as anxiety?
Still felt the anxiety
I feel so alone.
Welp I just had an anxiety attack at a work party and puked in a trash can.
When I start to feel anxious...
It’s a living hell
How To Create Irresistible Hypnotic Suggestions
Trouble sleeping for the past 2.5 hours
Is this what Overthinking feels like? Anxiety? PLEASE PLEASE READ!
Anybody paralyzed by regret? Thoughts ofnwhat youve done leads to intense anxiety?
So I met with my therapist today and she thinks I should go on anxiety meds.
Could this be a weirdly specific side effect of my medication? (Buspirone/Anxiolotics)
Just started Prozac and my anxiety has never been worse.
Crying while typing this
first dose of .25 mg xanax (tw)
Some guy said this once “if u mad or worried about something that is not gonna matter in 6 months don’t worry about it “ hope this helps good night y’all ❤️
I wish not to speak, ever. I do not want to be acknowledged. People make me anxious.
Has anyone had medical tests to determine potential hormonal causes of anxiety?
Panic attacks
Nervous for my college exams
Anyone have constant anxiety that something bad is going to happen to you? How do you deal with it?
So mad at myself
Thoughts that help with the fear of conversation.
Substitutes for coffee that won't trigger anxiety?
Conscious breathing
Current temp job is about to end
IP adress...
Does anyone have constant itching in one spot that doesn’t cause any rash or hives but just itches almost every day?
My sister gets nearly 100% of my parents love and attention.
I fucking hate my voice.
DAE suffer anxiety specific to having to say "no" to something/someone? I'm kind of struggling and would like some feedback.
What medication seemed to help me
How to Cope with Throat Related Anxiety lasting all day?
Anxiety about spouse post-surgery
Flight advice
does it ever end?
[deleted by user]
1st visit with new therapist
These little pills help keep me sane. These 3 small tablets help me be a person. Without them, I would literally be nothing. I owe them everything ❤️
I made plans. I don't want to go.
Headaches with Prozac
I ate something my brother ate and minutes later he starts throwing up :/ Now I'm so anxious
Just been given short term medication
How do i stop panic attacks at school
I had temporary relief.... For awhike
Getting overly emotional at good stuff
finally registering that something is unavoidable is giving me horrible anxiety
I was cornered and threatened by someone in my group therapy program
I'm afraid to not have anxiety and depression
Tips? Tricks?
[deleted by user]
My anxiety is getting so bad to the point it give a me nausea
Scared about blood test tomorrow!
My girlfriend struggles with anxiety, how can i help her best?
I used the wrong name and now I’m scared something is wrong with my brain and I’m freaking out
[deleted by user]
Does anyone have this symptom?
I'm so tired of being like this.
Exercise helps so much! So underrated!
DAE feel like throwing up when anxious
Question about a symptom ive had only a few times
I feel like getting depressed and I hate it..
I flew on my own for the first time
anxiety induced nausea - anyone been able to treat this with anti sickness medication?
My mental state has gone to shit since I was humiliated in class
Can’t smoke without almost dying of fear
Walking into class late
I haven't left my apartment since 17 days. I ordered groceries online. I don't know if this is normal or not. Does anyone else not leave their home for days?
My anxiety is flaring up now more than ever and for stupid reasons
Anxiety causing me to fail school
7th prescribed medication...
I Have 8 Mental illness But You Would Never Know... Made this video to share my story because I am not afraid or ashamed.
When you apologize for your anxiety and that person just says okay
How Human Connection Can Help Alleviate Anxiety and Fear
Sleeping wall to wall with ur parents is hell if u overthink.
Not sure if I can do it...
Anxiety is threatening to sabotage my relationship, boyfriend may have to go away a few times a year?
So many facets of anxiety, I don't even know where to start
Saw a cardiologist this week, for the 2nd time in a year. Got some great news, and I wanted to share the story with you all to help it take root in my brain.
Day 1 on Zoloft. Am I trippin out ?
Physical feelings
Setting boundaries at work to help my anxiety
Anxiety about going abroad with a friend.
Does anyone else feel afraid to lose their hapiness?
i finally called and scheduled an appointment with my therapist!!
Vitamin D and Magnesium Glycinate have been life changing.
I love Cian and I think this is very accurate!
Does Prozac make it harder to cry?
Successful withdrawal from Paxil and Xanax
How do you take steps to lessen the duration of an anxiety attack? What are those steps?
My anxiety has kept me at home instead of going climbing, and I'm annoyed at myself.
Does anyone else have trouble walking around people?
The human condition of anxiety
You are supported through your healing process. I know I've felt it. The resistance to healing. The fear of taking down the walls, even just for a minute. Afraid everything will crumble. But when the invitation to heal presents itself. You should know, you are safe to choose it.
Don't Consume Media When You Wake Up! Put the phone down!
Relationship Anxiety - Incapable of believing that someone wants me.
anxiety about opening up to people and sharing information about myself
Advice/thoughts on asking my Psych to start with a Benzo rather than an SSRI? (Clean med record)
Feel like I'm losing my mind
Anyone take Propranolol?
It has become so hard for me to go out
I want to share my story
Mind blank when talking to crush
A bit of my morning
Having an anxiety nap and waking up feeling more anxious.
What kind of anxiety is this
Do I have anxiety?
It’s frustrating not being able to sleep at night
Nutrition Tips For Better Fitness
Tips on keeping it undercontrol
So I'm at work just finishing a pee. Was shaking it off and someone abruptly opened the door and it startled me. Now I'm paranoid that the guy thinks i was beating off.
Girlfriend’s abusive ex who’s still obsessed with her years later, always in the back of my mind
anyone experience sleep disturbances with anti-anxiety medications?
Not deserving of the life I have
Whenever I think about my graduation, my anxiety levels go up? Why? How can I let go?
i feel like i'm developing ptsd just from emotional trauma/abuse, is that really possible?
I wish my mom would just disappear
Anyone else get stiff muscles?
[Academic], Mindfulness, Intolerance of Uncertainty, and Anxiety (U.S., 18 or older)
Anxiety + Nausea?
is it normal for me to overthink people disagreeing with me
When someone gifts me something i dont like i feel horrible
Anyone else dealing with desensitization of the body?
Struggling to practice
Do you ever get a panic attack ... without the panic?
Interviewer insulted me....
Self degrading thoughts causing anxiety
Is this normal?
I always feel like I'm annoying people. Please help!
I have my first therapy appointment today to address my fear of traveling!
This really helps relaxing. Whenever I have to deal with anxiety and I really need to relax, I need music that doesn't make me think too much about the world and lets me forget everything. I put a lot of effort in making this playlist. I'd appreciate it if you would click the follow button! Enjoy!
DAE get paranoid from your anxiety?
Restlessness
As much as my anxiety sucks, sometimes it becomes my motivator.
Wellbutrin for Anxiety?
Don't let anxiety control you - laugh at it 😂
My Therapy Journey So Far
LSW Mind Cards - Daily cards for a more fulfilling life
Started 100mg of sertraline a month ago but have always coped with drugs and am going through withdrawal??
Question regarding medication
weird sensations in my mouth occasionally
Anxiety about driving
Making time in a relationship
Scared I’m going to get diagnosed with Stage 4 cancer and die young :(
I’m anxious about money, guys
Just ride it out. This too will pass. It always does. Stop worrying. Let it go. Breathe in and breathe out. Peace and love. My mood is ok. I'm ok.
Tonight I had my first really bad panic attack.
I need confirmation
I don't know if it is OK to ask my aunt about friendship advice
Feeling suicidal because I don't know if I signed an online lease accidentally or not?
Too scared to leave the house
Have you heard about this symtom before?
I can't control my thoughts or the volume of them. Is it normal to have very loud and uncontrollable thoughts? Anyone else feel their thoughts are too loud and feel the need to be in complete silence under the covers to quiet them?
Its been a while and ive failed
Have you overcome panic attacks/panic disorder permanently and how? Have you experienced fast heart rates, up to 180 bpm, while having a panic attack?
Random flashes of light headedness, detachment, some numbness.
Vicious cycle of avoiding work, staying up late to do it, and not sleeping
Literally nobody else probably does this, I don’t know if it’s to do with anxiety or just something weird I do.
I can’t stop quitting jobs
sometimes I wish my bed wasn't the only place where I feel safe
Scared to get my oil changed
Student Athlete overwhelmed by his own title
Worried about my hearing after a party. (Health anxiety )
Dipped from an old friend's birthday party
Memory problems
Need help sleeping tonight.
What are way you know you arent about to die in a panic attack? Im having one atm. Ty!
CBD and Anxiety
Help stop using food as a coping mechanism?
Why can’t I be free of anxiety for one night?
University Stress
Found some peace
I recently saw an interview with a psychologist on youtube who coined panic attacks as 'simple' to get over, and it made me confused and angry
Music
I fear the future
Im so scared of everything. Fighting off an anxiety attack.
I just want to be able to live with my short comings. Please help.
Need some tips about helping my SA
I think my girlfriend wants to break up with me but it may just be my anxiety.
Switching from Xanax to Klonopin
Would I know by now if I was poisoned?
I have terrible anxiety about my organs and blood, I have no idea why but it's making my life shitty.
I’m confused
Got pulled over for speeding (rant)
Fear of cancer
I cant stop overthinking things (Minor Trigger Warning)
Finally some help!
Anyone else have fear & anxiety over death?
Help me make a difference. Make a change. Make a impact.
Other ways of treating social anxiety, not including therapy?
Need encouragement to seek help
On Citalopram for 2 1/2 years. Anxiety increasing + side effects. Are there alternatives?
I spoke up in class today.
I wanted to post about my anxieties somewhere, sorry if this is the wrong place. This also might be too long. Please give your advice if you want
Soon 30 and still live with parents
Best (quiet) stress toys?
Does anyone experience similar?
Anxiety Fairy
I didn't know I did that..
To cancel or not to cancel?
What is this
Social anxiety is killing me
"You have to make the change"
Where the hell is this sense of impending doom coming from. How do I get rid of this feeling that someone is coming after me?!
Need to vent- feeling like a failure
Looking for ideas on positive headspace...
Does anybody else get REALLY paranoid before holidays/your birthday/big events
Everytime I havent heard from my boyfriend/friends/family in a while when I feel like I should, have I have this overwhelming anxiety that they are hurt or dead.
Intrusive thoughts of things I've seen,read etc mainly tv shows and so forth can anyone else relate?
I missed Halloween and it kills me
What would a counselor legally be required to do?
Living in constant fear of the next day
Emotionless
Ive been feeling so anxious lately. I can feel it creeping in and turning into depression. . There's no reason for me to feel this way but I just do.
Need help or a direction
Constantly feel like I’m a burden on everyone
Swallowing problem
Thank you Propranolol
Halloween ever make anyone else anxious for some reason?
Finally Getting Help
Self reminder. Have a good day all.
Do y’all ever feel anxious because of someone’s voice ?
Is it normal to have good and bad days in the first few weeks of starting a medication?
"great news"
I just realized that I identify with the Mayor from The Nightmare Before Christmas
I hate Halloween
Help brainstorm coping mechanisms?
I need some advice about studying abroad
Just a question passing by
How do you work? Every job I’ve had has given me anxiety
If you’re feeling a bit paranoid, is it best to just ask the person it’s concerned with?
Panic attack
Is it time for me to try medication?
Happy Halloween, everyone :)
SO with anxiety wants to stay home and make the rest of the family stay home too.
Felt better on 75 mg Venlafaxine than 150mg should I go back?
The blurry line between feelings and actions
New here and just need some reassurance
Went To a Psychiatrist for the First Time Today
Why is the first thunderstorm in months happening on Halloween
i do not want medication
DAE get anxious seeing people who do better than you in school/work?
Moved away from home...
Are there people with social anxiety who are very talkative as opposed to being quiet?
Some guy just screamed at me from a passing car?
This.
opinion on weed?
I don’t know what to do...
Having a crush on someone when you have anxiety is fucking horrible
Is there medication for Social Anxiety?
is this a panic attack or just adrenaline and stress?
Driving Anxiety
Is there a “Truman Show” syndrome?
Scared of answering door because I’m anxious
Self-fulfilling prophecy
Stable anxiety without triggers.
Recommendations for sleep supplements
www.royalpharmacy-online.com
I have no close friends - don't know if my anxiety is affecting how I interact with others
Noticing how people treat me different from other people (sometimes)
Any tips for dealing with chest tightness?
8 Ways A Child's Anxiety Shows Up As Something Else
MRI - tips
Blood sugar
It's driving me crazy
Has anyone ever been able to sense and stop a trigger as it’s forming?
Anxiety & Dating
Deletion of words, do others feel this too?
Ironic
Dating with anxiety - “Maybe”
Does anybody feel their anxiety gets worse at this time of year? I feel like I’m constantly fighting just to get through the end of the year. Maybe it’s because there’s less daylight...
Sick of feeling negative,awkward,friendless and nothing to say
I don't have any close friends
40 min later... I feel disgusting and lonely.
Nap Time • Sleep Music for Power Nap • Increase Memory & Productivity • Deep Relax
Success stories with friendships?
UCAS is freaking me out
Diet, Sleep, Supplements, Routine | So Far, Successful Anxiety-Sufferer
Tips for overcoming a debilitating fear of traveling and flying?
Very simply, I just need help
At what point did you realize your anxiety was a more serious problem than other people have?
Something bad IS going to happen. I KNOW it.
This is the type of shit that WOULD happen to me.
Is collapsing normal?
I don't feel anxious anymore......
Lately waking up anxious
Help! Anyone who takes Ssri meds have you found one that doesn’t cause you to be hungry all the time/binge eat?
Can’t bring myself to look for jobs
Staying home on Halloween
I was up at 8 this morning!
[FULL BERZERK MODE] plugged out earphones in subway, turned volume to max, standed in center so that everyone could see me and was listening to mobb deep for good 10 minutes.
What do you do when anxiety is just too much?
It's 10:45 and I didn't take my Clotiazepam at 10:00
When is it reasonable to take medication?
Staying with boyfriends family - Language Barrier
DAE get forgetful because of their anxiety
Seroquel and rapid heartrate
Anxiety and (possible) Depersonalizaton?
In a new country, only one I know is my ex-boyfriend here, battling with anxiety and I can't even go out without having a panic attack.
My gf has anxiety and I want to help her as much as I can.
I’m so happy it’s raining today!
Extreme anxiety due to a second job
I woke up crying and now can't stop myself
Anxiety as a Separate Identity
I think anxiety is progressively ruining my speech.
Fearful of deja vu being past dreams.
I went to the bakery alone!!!
I have agoraphobia and severe anxiety , please help.
Lost job due to anxiety/depression, desperate . Please read :)
I have just came to the realization that i may suffer from anxiety.
Feeling like giving up
I don’t know if I need to vomit, cry, shit myself or all three, my anxiety is crippling.
cant sleep because i cant reach out to my gf. Ugh
Long term benzo usage
Good job opportunity or Vipassana (mental health)?
Problem and suggestions
Breaking the cycle.
Anxiety Heightened During Holidays
Abilify for Anxiety?
I think I’ve reached a new level of anxiety
I’m close to cutting off my friends
How Hypnosis Is Used For Anxiety And Depression
Break the Cycle?
So anxious right now
Fill in the blank. My anxiety makes me do this weird habit: __________
I hate being seen as a strong person when in reality I'm just that way because I break down a lot
Has your anxiety ever delayed your your academic goals?
Rear ended someone earlier today. 3rd time doing so, 1st time doing actual damage to my car. I'm so anxious about what my parents will say when they confront me
Check this out. It’s about overcoming your fears. Hopefully it helps those who seek the help!
Numbness of mouth/chin
Trying to turn my brain off
Feeling That I Know How I'll Die
Feeling of grief/dread?
I’ve been having anxiety spells lately
Anxiety due to forced change of country name
Does anyone else remember past situations that weren’t really embarrassing, but for some reason are overwhelmingly anxiety inducing?
I have this unshakable feeling that I’m missing something
DAE have this issue (brain feels like its broken)?
Visual snow
Fear of dying
Thinking of the worst possible action
I've lost the fight in me
Feeling like i suck at everything
Today I had zero anxiety and didn’t have to take any clonazepam.
i’m so scared and I don’t know why. please help.
Anxious and Isolated Like Never Before
Do any of you have night anxiety and hear things that aren’t real?
Climate Change Anxiety?
Used to suffer with severe anxiety and depression, now I'm here to help!
About to break up with my longtime boyfriend
Major anxiety attack, I'm having radiating\burning non specific back pain and bruising insanely easily... I'm a Lymphoma survivor, this is how it all started originally.
Car Anxiety
Struggling with generalized anxiety disorder and panic disorder in everyday life
First time seeking help for social anxiety, what can I expect?
how to deal with guilt
Anxious about cryptic pregnancy
First psychiatrist appointment, help?
Anxiety accompanied by tension headaches. Any one have this?
Anxiety and sleep
www.royalpharmacy-online.com CALL / TEXT: +1 (240) 283 - 7276 E-mail: info@royalpharmacy-online.com #Xanax 2mg #Codeine Cough Syrup bottle. #Xanax 2mg #Adderall 30mg #Ambien 10mg #Dilaudid 8mg #Oxycodone 30mg #Suboxone strip 8mg #Hydrocodone 10/325mg #Diazepam Valium 10mg #Percocet 10mg #Klonopin 2m
Adding Wellbutrin to SSRI
Have to take my dog to the vet
To those with panic disorder and got on an SSRI. How did you deal with the first weeks?
Headache for days?
I’m being sued for an accident that happened a year ago. Had to revive my statement on the phone while being recorded and was violently shaking from anxiety
How can I always believe In myself?
For people in Canada, is brand name 25mg Zoloft medication a yellow capsule instead of the regular 25mg green tablets?
I can't stay in class, I just get up and leave.
Got invited to a party. Want to go, but worried about who's going to be there....
Cant get rid of fear
How does someone get past social/general anxiety?
Can I carry this load or will it crush me?
No matter what anyone says, I never feel like a good person.
Need exercise motivation
Left during test to have panic attack...
I think I have a lisp
Struggling today
This really helps relaxing. Whenever I have to deal with anxiety and I really need to relax, I need music that doesn't make me think too much about the world and lets me forget everything. I put a lot of effort in making this playlist. I'd appreciate it if you would click the follow button! Enjoy!
big interview
Some little things you can do to aid with anxiety(and depression)
Anxiety about work
The Link Between Verbal Abuse and Anxiety That No One Talks about
I went to the doctor and made two phone calls.
Worried about a rabid bat, Cause for concern, or just anxiety?
Need Advice
Father bought me a car, paid WAY too much. How do I overcome the guilt
Does anyone else fear that they might faint or collapse when in public or a stressful situation? How do you conquer this feeling?
First job success stories?
Going to the ER for an anxiety attack
quitting my first job after a week and a half
Fuck it all..
Anxiety is getting worse and it’s starting to affect my job
Does anyone else forget to eat when they’re anxious?
I feel like I have brain damage - Extreme stress/anxiety
Question about lab urinalysis drug testing specifically pertaining to differentiating between benzodiazepines
How do you not push people that like you away?
Need to calm down before errands
Grades feel like the end of the world
Im really struggleing im starting a new job on friday
Is it normal to have an overly reactive or sensitive nervous system after dealing with anxiety and stress for a long time?
Can you have a reaction after washing off hair dye?
convinced i have aids
Fentanyl anxiety
I don't like who I am recently...
I missed a phone call and it's a place I desperately want to work! She wants to do a phone interview! Ugh.
This can't be just an anxiety attack
I'm waiting for my MRI right now to see if I have a brain tumor...
Eating before job interview
Is it my anxiety and I made it all up, or are the facts really there?
Do I have autism?
Interaction between SSRI Citalopram 20mg and 700mg Turmeric & Curcumin
I’m having an ALS scare. Does my right hand look atrophied compared to the left?
Been awake since 4am, couldn't eat all day, major anxiety attacks ...was successful at my interview and got a promotion!
I’m having an ALS scare. Dies this look like atrophy near my thumb? The left photo is my normal one and the right photo is the worried one.
Any success stories out there?
There’s so many art projects I want to start - but that’s my problem. Whenever I have the energy to do things, there’s a lot.
I had a massive Panic Attack today! Could use some motivation to get in my car, head to class, and keep going these last 6 weeks of school.
Scared to leave my house because my neighbor is upset with me.
Does anyone else’s pacing or movement drive others crazy
ANY TIPS? I’ve recently had a bad flair up of anxiety and my partner is struggling with it.
Can anxiety return randomly?
I don't know what to do
Need to send this email but struggling...
Bad anxiety from calling in sick for work
I was just harassed at my poling place. Is there something that people with social anxiety can do when heading to the polls to vote?
Klonopin withdrawals or placebo effect?
to user who commented somewhere here that it's his wrong that he has anxiety.
Anxiety and hair loss after a traumatic event. How to cope?
My anxiety.
I hate and resent "normal" people to the point of crying.
Some kind of partial seizure or anxiety?
Anxiety at the gym PLEASE help!
Anyone taken Mirtazapene?
I still get "first work day" jitters after all these years
Nervous about moving out
Does Zoloft (sertraline) eye blurriness go away?
[deleted by user]
Extreme anxiety about possibly quitting my job. HELP!!
Spiraling worse than ever this past month
Seeking help for the first time, whilst living in a foreign country.
Prozac side effects?
Building courage for job interviews?
Will this medication help or make my anxiety worse?
How can I stop worrying that things will get in the way of my goals?
Freaking out about infecting everything I touch
Does anyone suffer from low general anxiety after attacks
Anxiety while exercising?
Bad days?
Work related anxiety
Halloween party this weekend....
Presentation anxiety
Does loneliness cause/accelerates anxiety and panic attacks?
Should I be worried?
Are my friends there just out of pity?
Health anxiety
I'm new here, but I posted this in another sub and was told you might appreciate it here: An Excessively Detailed Walkthrough for Voting in the US (written by someone with moderate anxiety and depression).
What's been helping my anxiety recently, hoping it can help some people
I’m having anxiety because the FBI viewed my LinkedIn, what does that mean!?
waking up every hour or so in the night
Nausea, morning sickness and fast heart rate
Really trying my best
Thinking of quitting my school program due to anxiety
Alternatives to caffeine
Anyone else get anxiety while emailing?
I am so hopelessly unintelligent, it’s pitiful. I hate myself with such vehemence.
ask yourself "WHY ON EARTH SHOULD THEY LAUGH AT/MOCK ME? LITERALLY WHY? WHAT'S WRONG WITH ME?" and find out you have no answer.
Eating anxiety and I’m having lunch with my new boss for the first time.
Climate change anxiety is ruining my life
Impossible standards: a rant
Have dating anxiety, should i tell the guy i'm seeing or deal with it?
GAD and agoraphobia
Currently feeling anxious.
Need some advice
Getting took into the counselor by my friend, I'm really anxious about it
A strange feeling when drinking
Doing meditation and hypnosis gives me more anxiety than it soothes me
Alternating between depression and anxiety...so much fun.
I wish people were more mindful of triggers
climate
People think I’m lazy
I wish I could let it go.
MDO prescriped valium to me for anxiety. Normal?
I'm getting a lot of suicidal thoughts. I just want to die. I think im just going tk keep cutting myself tonight. Does anyone want to see me keep cutting?
Coping strategies for panic attacks
An Unfortunate Choice
Been a bad day for anxiety.
What books have people read here on the topic of anxiety and depression that helped them?
Decided to stop going to class because of the way my professor takes attendance.
Anyone else just like, scared of dying?
I feel so anxious on a daily basis since my first and only panic attack 2 years ago.
Almost every night I am overcome with the feeling that I am about to die.
I joined wrestling!!!:)
At what point do you think it’s a good idea to get help?
Parent is unhappy with My Decision
Weekly hypochondriac freakout post. Just need some comfort.
Successfully got married and went on my honeymoon with no major panic attacks!
Is there such a thing as being addicted to anxiety medications?
the other day i almost had a panic attack over peeling eggs
I'm gonna perform a dancing exercise demo SOLO in my PE class
Does anyone just get incredibly sad and unmotivated to do anything?
This is getting out of control.
Concerned about a Fluoxetine interaction...
Incomprehensible thoughts
I’m a reassurance junkie
I’m a reassurance junkie
A painting about how anxiety feels
It's the weirdest thing
Jacking off directly connects to our inability to initate successful interactions
Do you ever feel like a hindrance to the ones you love most.
Physical anxiety? Twitchy? Hyper sensitive anxiety?
Tips for beginning driver with anxiety?
I need some advice on how to help my wife.
I, who suffer from anxiety, am worried about my mom, whose anxiety has gotten worse recently
Why do we worry about things that no longer matter or have no control over?
does therapy for deep down anxiety help?
I don't know why but I get anxious when doing homework but not tests.
My brain is filled with so many worries that my thoughts are incoherent
Eating food makes me depressed/anxious?
Fml
I have a week of chat history with someone and I don’t remember any of it and its making me nervous that I forgot.
How to be productive?
Penis Size Anxiety
Need some opinions.. seeing a GP vs. Psychiatrist for anxiety?
I Feel Trapped
Stayed home from school to get caught up, ended up just laying on the couch with crippling anxiety all day!
Fears of dying?
I'm going to a Halloween Party tomorrow, and my mind is already racing. What should I do?
Does anyone else have major anxiety about being alone at night?
Panicking over my dogs teeth cleaning
Do you ever want to speak to someone about your Anxiety but then you think you will bother them or they will not take it seriously or somthing like that
finally- highschool finishes next monday and i have a job interview soon!!!
Memory Problems with Anxiety
Have To Vacate Home in Two Days
Wife has severe anxiety
My anxiety story
I want to die, I’m not depressed. I just don’t want to continue.
Had to pull over and call 911 today
Does anyone else get those physical manifestations of anxiety without being able to pinpoint an emotion or thought causing it?
This really helps relaxing!
When it comes to doing interviews or anything like a presentation my brain can never find words to say. Social Anxiety.
Simple explication to why you suffer with anxiety for no reason
Why some days I feel very confident and some days I feel very insecure, anxious and paranoid?
Freaking out about my wisdom teeth...
Smoking weed with GAD
My boss is my biggest trigger
To those who suffer with "weird" anxieties: how do you go around explaining?
What was your experience like on the medication cymbalta?
I feel so anxious on a daily basis since my first and only panic attack 2 years ago.
Anxiety and Math
Intrusive thoughts; what to do? (Trigger warning I guess?)
Really anxious and a bit paranoid
For those who struggle with anxiety after drinking but drink to help the anxiety. This is what I needed.
Can anyone read this prescription?
Coffee is both the best and worst thing ever
Physical stress symptoms every time I start dating a woman
Retaining information..
Any tips to stop feeling exhausted?
Extreme breathing problems from unknown anxiety?
Day 5 on Lexapro
confrontation anxiety
Recently I constantly feel like I'm on the edge of a panic attack.
Birthday Anxiety?
Any techniques for soothing that day-to-day self doubt?
Medication
I have severe anxiety and depression. Been given sertraline but I've been sitting on it for a month because I can't bring myself to take it. Advice?
I am not dead I am sorry!
I feel no respect
Ever have one of those dreams where once you realize you're dreaming you spend the rest of it trying to force yourself to wake up?
I think I almost got sexually assaulted and it spiked my anxiety
Will the nausea ever go away :(
Do you ever do or say things you don't mean due to fear or anxiety?
I really want to tell everyone about my first big success in a year!
Was unprepared for job interview I really wanted, pretty sure I just bombed hard
HIV thoughts dont go away.
Does anyone ever forget to breathe?
What to do when anxiety medicine takes away “motivation”?
Missing work because of severe anxiety
Buspar and nausea
Why is it the more I’m social, the more anxious I get
how do you stop worrying about time and how you spend it?
Want to share my story and give some hope....
Weighted Blankey
'So what are you doing with yourself now?'
I'm on medication and I think it's making me sleepy?
Paralyzed by anxiety at work.
Insomnia and fatigue on Zoloft
Going to a doctor today for the first time in 5 years
When did you realize you needed to go to therapy and/or take anxiety medication?
Heart palpitations are terrifying
Getting myself out of a funk...
Physical symptoms won’t stop
I finally feel like I’m in control of my anxiety
Sitting right outside the classroom.
Anxiety preventing action?
I'm traveling from Colorado to New Zealand all by myself tomorrow and I'm a absolutely terrified.
Anxiety tripped into quite bad paranoia?
Relationship Anxiety
constant work anxiety related to specific situation
How to get over it. Please help
I have really bad health anxiety and an unusual headache is really freaking me out.
College Essay
my personal suggestion
My Anxiety Made Me Go In A Convience Store Twice.
Lost keys: Anxiety Lite with a sprinkle of Panic
Trying to/need to study right now but anxiety is making me feel like an idiot.
Does anyone else get a large influx of anxiety post workout?
Ever have a healthy coping mechanism that you start to use again, then people shame you because you're wasting your time on doing that rather than something important like school assignments?
Freaking out about my wisdom teeth right now
What are your plans for Halloween?
The rest of the week will be better
Pregnancy fear
Handling life
Does Anyone Feel Their Anxiety Leaves Them in a Perpetual "Meh" State?
Ayy lmao
Successful exposure affecting my immune system
Ever meet someone that, for no particular reason, just makes you nope?
Do all of you know where your anxiety is coming from?
Does anyone else get jealous of people that don’t deal with mental illness?
CANADIAN DRUG VENDOR
How do normal people even live?
Panic Attack/Anxiety Help
struggling
Has anyone else ever had a devastating crush before?
How many hours before an event does Ativan work for you?
Undiagnosed Anxiety
Therapy tips???
Has anyone experienced vivid dreams about bad smells/tastes on SNRIs?
How to get over anxiety/nervousness temporarily?
Please help
my social anxiety is consuming me and I don’t know what to do (help)
I don’t think I deserve to be shamed
Understanding our thinking behind Anxiety. I've been looking into anxiety sites to help relief my anxiety and found a great site. What sites do you guys recommend?
Get Started
How Can I Recover When I'm So Deep in a Hole?
Girlfriend's mother just passed away last night - how can I help her?
Being nice is hard man
So I finally saw a psychiatrists for the first time
Does watching someone you love leave you ​give you anxiety attacks from​ time to time? How do I​ stop it?
Deportation
Wide awake
i just wanna rant. please disregard this. it’s stupid high school drama and extremely uninteresting sorry
Anxiety over a possible new relationship but probably not
Fixated on People?? *Long Read*
I was too anxious to receive medical attention and it turns out I permanently damaged my knee because of being to anxious to get help
Best Hypnotherapy in Mascot
Intrusive positive thoughts
ROCD and having constant anxiety about how I'm supposed to feel romantically
I really want to (need to) change - I'm afraid I'll be this way forever with my social anxiety
A song that clinically calms down anxiety. Does it work for you?
Head Scratching
I got diagnosed... finally.
A question
Redditors who are housebound, how do you make money?
Erm
I don’t know how to stop generating negative, False, Scenarios In My Head.
“You should smile more”
Anxiety makes me look like an asshole
I feel so defeated
Help
Battling with social anxiety! Need advice.
Living with anxiety; I can’t deal with this crap anymore.
Unbearable overwhelming anxiety over a made up scenario
[M] [17] Anxious about anything related to girls(especially those I find really pretty)
Out of nowhere
My “cocktail” for anxiety.
Could use someone to talk to about panic disorder.
I'm losing faith in the Mental Health professionals in my life and I need help.
Can I actually do this?
I’m messing up my life by avoiding the things that cause me anxiety.
Anticipation anxiety
Feeling my heartbeat makes me anxious
Why You Might Be Taking Things Too Seriously & How To Stop If You Are
Developing OCD as a coping mechanism
Please help
Why is it so easy to go back to bad thought habits?
Anxiety makes it hard for me to express myself online
Let Go of Resistance Meditation - My Experience, Insights and How-To Guide
It’s been years since I’ve been this bad
First major attack in years... Very scary
Considering Medication
I got married and didn’t die
My dear of vomiting is making it hard for me to cook and eat food!
My roommate has anxiety and recently told me that she has been struggling with suicidal thoughts
Obsessive Thoughts
Panic attacks without a trigger?
Every time I start dating
Just need to clear my head
Physical anxiety? Twitchy? Hyper sensitive anxiety?
Having a cold makes my anxiety so much worse!
Comforting facts about murder/robberies?
Need to talk to someone
I think I can finally admit that I have a problem with health anxiety.
Imma only wear this in the winter for battling
I think,I finally conquered it?
Graduate School and Anxiety advice?
One of the songs I listen to when I'm struggling, in case anyone needs it. 💜
I'm unsure if this belongs here but my girlfriend just done something that has me super worried and will keep me up all night.
To anybody who needs it
Doctor refusing to prescribe meds
Anyone else get the feeling of being "too stupid"?
Intense anxiety when sitting next to people?
University is really adding fuel to my anxiety.
I feel stuck in a place where everything is constantly falling apart
Im finding that the key to having a good day is to lower your expectations for yourself
Anxiety getting worse
Side effects & experience on Buspar?
I'm having a panic attack
I’m finally getting help this week.
Job interviews & anxiety
Anxiety: I wasted my youth to be liked
SAYING YES FOR 24 HOURS TO OVERCOME ANXIETY!
Propanol for public speaking
The stupidest thing that set off my anxiety
Rough few days, could use some support
Should I Seek a Therapist?
Wife is an anti-vaxxer and I think I’m going to take my son to get vaccinated against her will
Why do I feel so lost?
Is it okay that I’m not taking my alprazolam on a regular basis?
To those of you with jobs and panic attacks: How do you do it??
I have some sort of phobia.
Anxiety: My daughter saved me from myself yesterday
Anyone else have severe agitation and fight or flight symptoms constantly?
Constantly scared that my food/water is laced or poisoned
Heart palpitations
Physical symptoms at work (and nowhere else)
Pressure at holding presentations
Ran out of 20mg Lexapro and it will be a few days before I can get a refill.... it's been 2 days. Worried about withdrawal symptoms. Anyone ever go through something similar? How was it?
Should I tell my parents about my anxiety?
Public Speaking Anxiety - Propanalol
A cry for help
At what point to anxiety dreams become nightmares that need to be treated?
Anxiety is destroying my relationship (and I don't know how to handle it)
How to help my mom
A rough weekend
Does anyone experience the same?
How to help my husband
Knowing that psychological profiles exist and are used against us is anxiety fuel in it of itself.
Even mildly stressful situations can be debilitating
I am my own Hell.
How do you deal with physical symptoms of anxiety?
I collapsed, but I'm back up again!
It's so hard at times :(
Food gives me intense anxiety?
Public embarrassment by a stranger
Ive got music auditions coming up in 2 weeks and im super anxious about them. Any tips?
No life whatsoever
Kill your negative self
Freaking out and throwing anything when losing things
I feel like sleeping my life away
Hello dear community! This is Richard from Snuggle Pro Weighted Blankets and I'm looking for some feedback
A BLUNT A DAY KEEPS THE DRAMA AWAY
"Something went wrong. Just don't panic."
I really need help figuring something out!
Guys I need a hug.
Support for Panic Disorder and Health Anxiety
[16M] Family coming to my house to have lunch and 1h30m left and Im having headaches and nausea. 30 people are coming. What to do?
I don't react to tragedies in my real life, but when something I don't like happens in a film or tv show or book I go into this hysterical panic mode.
If anybody knows of anything to take or do for exam anxiety please share
Kratom works exceptionally well for me.
How do I forgive myself for being myself?
Nervous hair puller, nail biter, face picker, thing eater, etc. What can I do to fix these habits?
Emotional support/service/psychiatric service dog?
Struggling today and don’t know where else to turn
Anxiety morning after drinking alcohol
How does your anxiety limit you?
Pointing out socialy anxiety
How did your loved ones react when you first told them about your anxiety/panic diagnosis?
Feels like I'm falling off the deep end and I wish I was dead
New Therapist makes me feel like I’m wasting her time.
rabies immune globulin shots
My boyfriend
Easy things to get down when feeling anxious that will fill be up?
When will it get better?
I have no idea if this fits, but I need advice.
HELP: I've lost respect for my depressed sister
What are the best medicines (other than Benzodiazepine) or supplements that help minimize or eliminate anxiety and panic attacks with minimal side effects and withdrawal symptoms?
I'm taking a short break from Snapchat.
In the middle of an anxiety attack
Is that anxiety? I need help dealing with my husband.
Trying to fall asleep even though its scary
Just neutralized an anxiety attack by finding humor in my symptoms.
what is exactly a panic attack?
How to improve self-esteem
My Vunderful Frauline
Oh boy, not looking so good.
What helps your anxiety?
anyone in the same boat/ coping mechanisms
Is anyone else embarrassed for others to hear their music?
Cant stop thinking about people teasing me
Xanax feeling
Theory of Stress and Anxiety:
Help with Panic Disorder Symptoms?
Is it hard to breathe through the nose?
How do you manage nausea caused by antidepressants
How do you calm yourself when having some anxiety or crying moment for no reason ?
Cant play online on a certain game.
Help?
This is how it feels a lot of the time...can't breathe
Sometimes you just feel like you can't breathe...
I got prescribed Hydroxyzine (Atarax) today, does anyone have good or bad experiences with the drug?
Does anyone get redness and Burning skin sensation on one side of face only? Including red hot ear
I can't talk to anyone without an excuse to talk to them
Please, can anyone relate to this and does it get better???
Is going on "autopilot" a healthy way to deal with anxiety? Does anyone else do this?
Does anyone else still repost chain mail because of anxiety even though you know it’s fake?
My anxiety
Noises at night trigger anxiety attack ...what can I do?
I don’t want to die, at all, but I don’t want to keep living like this.
Any tips on getting better sleep?
Mindfulness, Intolerance of Uncertainty, and Anxiety
Alcohol
Mindfulness, Intolerance of Uncertainty, and Anxiety
Got pulled off my program (that I love) to help my coworker. The guy sent to our office specifically to help my coworker has started working my program instead.
I really love coffee/espresso and enjoy my time making it in the A.M. but I'm afraid it's adding to my anxiety. What's a good substitute?
Couldn’t go see a counselor.
Tired of dealing with this..where’s the off button?!
Phone Anxiety
Need advice: getting a first job
How to stop thinking of antidepressants as a cop out
And so another pitiful day begins.
Panic and anxiety
Anyone available to talk?
15 Years Of Anxiety
Parents not believing me?
I just finished having a really bad paiic attack and took xanax to calm me down but now i have to work. What do i do. Help
Light sensitivity
Does any one else.....
Should I be doing something?
My wife gets severe stomach problems and dizziness from her anxiety. Does anyone else suffer from this? Any recommendations?
Something stupid that happened yesterday put me in the worst fucking mood.
What's the single biggest thing that's helped your anxiety?
Those of you who have taken Zoloft, when did the nausea subside?
I broke up with my boyfriend due to anxiety.
Suggestions for handling sudden health anxiety in the moment ?
Finally overthrew my social anxiety and asked a friend out!
Anxiety and CPAP machines
Does anyone know any youtubers who address anxiety well and give good advice?
Loud bangs or crashes causes my anxiety to flare up
Anxiety and Fitbits/similar products
Just here to get the thoughts out of my head, don't feel obligated to pay attention
Last night was the scariest night of my life
i think anxiety ruined my childhood
Dose anyone else get nauseous when they're anxious?
Any reason why I would get regular panic attacks in bed?
Can anxiety make your legs weak almost feel like your walking like your drunk when waking up in the morning or aafter a long nap?
My family makes me feel selfish and crazy (long post)
Profile photo
Advice
Feeling like I'm not good enough - a page in my pms cycle
Anyone else have severe loss of appetite with anxiety?
Black Swan Anxiety—Fear of things with low probably but high consequence. Currently manifests itself in fear of accidental pregnancy.
Worried about people dying.
I either Cry on the inside or walk so long when anxiety kicks in
Really bad anxiety about the whole “consent” thing (from a mans perspective)
I realized that anxiety may be a major reason for my bad mental health coping mechanisms, procrastination, self-destructive and avoidant behavior, and suicidal ideation
Flying from San Diego to Atlanta
Do any of you take Xanax, Klonopin, etc. and find relief for anxiety symptoms other than panic attacks? Like extreme anxiety from phone calls, time limits, etc?
Went in for an interview
I have performance anxiety & I don't know how to do the things everyone else just does
Does anyone else have psycho-somatic issues involving anxiety?
please don’t ask me why my hands are shaking
How to deal with exam anxiety?
An entry from my journal (26M)
What is therapy like?
Does anyone else get anxious while sending friend/follow requests on fb or instagram?
Vertigos when waking?
Can't sleep because I'm opposite of anxious for once
I regret this mistake I made many years ago
how to deal with health anxiety?
I NEED some very particular media recommendations!
ACT in the 7.5 hours, everything crumbling around me
Feeling Proud.
If you need cheering up today! (Part II)
Party anxiety
Need some guidance on BF
Natural remedies/vitamins/over the counter drugs to help ease anxiety?
Anyone else struggling right now and just want a group hug?
would anyone else trade his anxiety disorders for some serious chronic physical disease?
When did you realize you had anxiety?
*please read* I need to know if someone else gets this feeling, too.
Tomorrow is the big day (I hope)
Hello. I need some guidance.
Complex PTSD Chronicles
Too anxious to sleep (bad day)
Hello, fairly new to this subreddit
Deja vu that won't stop
I don't know what to do
Hey I just wanted to recommend something as I have been seeing amazing results from these practices
Wondering if anyone felt the same
I want to die so badly
That thing you do when you remember an embarrassing moment.
How do I get over the fear of getting high accidentally from weed(second hand smoke, kissing someone who smokes)?
Today I hiked for four hours to this beautiful lookout. As someone who used to be very active / Into multi days hikes this made me very happy! 4 months ago I couldn’t even walk down the street without getting exhausted or finish cooking a meal.
Be careful!!!
Feeling Guilty For Being Anxious
Does anyone’s anxiety somewhat calm down during fall and winter?
Want to go back to graduate school. Saw they require letters of recommendation and now I'm paralyzed
What anxiety med is least likely to decrease libido?
I haven’t been diagnosed with anxiety but I figured some people here would be able to help me deal with these situations I’m having.
I know a lot of us take antidepressants for anxiety so here's a map I made about it
[deleted by user]
I don't understand this!
Any quick advice?
a perfect blanket to help your anxiety
Anxiety is making me perform badly
Worth reading
I think I may have had an anxiety attack today (undiagnosed)
[deleted by user]
Struggling
Unique situation
I’m never going to be good enough
Can someone help talk me into going to the gym and asking this girl to hang out tonight
Struggling
Is the world worse as I am seeing it? Or more peaceful?
I suffer from anxiety and have been having a prolonged attack need advice please
List of things that make me want to end it all
I can't function at all today
Anxiety symptoms? Help?
15 years old, I got Clotiazepam prescribed for me
Everything is a mountain, a stressful mountain
Repost from r/socialanxiety
Anxiety about “playing doctors” stuff from when I was younger
Anybody need a hug today?
Going to see a therapist for the first time
Does a body need to reset after being anxious for too long?
Does being tired make you more anxious?
Severe panic attack right now
Severe panic attacks
Doxepin
Have terrible health anxiety, scared of getting the flu and dying
social anxiety problem
Going out of my comfort zone
Work trying to make me quit my job - New Zealand. Please any advice would be a huge help.
Ok Anxiety. Let's see who's going to win...
Anxiety Stop app is an automated system of breathing exercises that are clinically practiced by patients with anxiety disorders
bad week rant
Did quitting Marijuana affect the rate on how quickly you get tired?
Any pisces people (Born Feb 19 - Mar 20) out there feel positive affects from a full moon?
I am in desperate need for advice
Should the zoloft be working by now?
I can't do anything
Was out with friends, suddenly got a migraine attack, then got a panic attack. FML.
A quick reminder that the anxiety dialogue in our heads is not the truth.
When anxiety hits, I always refer to this handy chart to help curb it, even a little.
How do you trust your intuition?
I just want to know how to feel in a relationship.
Anyone been on Pregabalin (Lyrica)?
SSRI's and Pregnancy
having an event that makes me anxious gives me a headache hours before. the headache then makes me unable to go to the event
Exam in 25 hours. Anxiety attack
I can't deal with people
Took me a whole week just to get somewhere on my Cover Letter.
Whenever anxiety hits, I refer to this handy chart to help curb it (even if just a little)
I made a friend and we both brought up going out together for Halloween, and I texted her last night about it and she hasn’t responded yet and I feel so fucking lame.
Post therapy anxiety
When anxiety hits, I always refer to this handy chart to help curb it, even a little.
What anxiety does to me
I'm panicking.
Any advice?
TFW you grow up being told you're pretty/handsome
Do you ever wish that you had Cancer ?
When anxiety is physical and you feel like giving up
Nervous about meds
I smoke because I’m anxious all the time, and now I fear I’ve done irreparable damage to my lungs as they hurt all the time.
Going on a lunch date in three hours and I have absolutely no appetite.
You ever forget to brush your teeth at night, then wake up and panic because you feel like your smile is ruined then sprint to the mirror?
Writing an article/creating infographic for "Strategies for Sleeping with Anxiety"
Anxiety about something I did at work...
Topamax for anxiety?
Need some advice / tips
Any good site blocking extensions?
Boyfriend Saw My Anxiety Attack :(
I can’t believe it!
Without boring you all with too many details...
will SSRIs or other medications will work if i continue drinking/abusing? (for temporary relief purposes)
Nail Biting
5 Ways Our Modern Culture Makes Us Anxious (And How To Stop It)
Anxiety making me question my memory of important medical test results
Is this normal or am I going crazy?
This is why I can’t get close to anyone 😢
Cross-posting, looking for help. Missed two doses of my klonopin for anxiety in the last three days, think I’m having rebound anxiety. Any insight?
Do you sometimes just hear a song and it triggers your anxiety and ruins your whole day?
How To Hypnotize Someone In 60 Seconds
v relatable
I'm simultaneously afraid of so many things and thinking about killing myself. It doesn't make sense.
Today i tried to go to a protest... but it did not go well
Anxiety at work
I keep thinking I’m too unhealthy
12 Yoga Poses for Anxiety & Why They Work the Best!
How do you guys cope with anxiety?
Post-Anxiety Attacks
Free personalised report into the genetics behind your stress
Masturbation for anxiety
Return to normal
Strange feeling in my stomach, brain fog, headache, waking up in mid night. Continuing about 1 year.
Every time I[M18] meet this acquaintance[F16] on the bus, I get anxious
Afternoon anxiety?
[Health anxiety] breathlessness,headache,and flopping/fast/strong feeling heart beat
went outside. feared 90% of boys be it social or how can i say "fighting/beefing" anxiety. and i even feared girls too. :(
What are your opinions on medication for anxiety?
First time agreeing to meds...
Am I abusive?
constant anxiety
Work Anxiety
Health wise, if it's not one thing, it's another, and I dont know how to cope anymore.
everything is destroyed
Panic attack out of nowhere , not sure im okay
I'm so tired of this
I could know postmates is on the way and still freak out when I hear a knock on my door.
It all keeps piling up
Why the hell do I get super anxious before I do something but when I do I’m fine?
Nobody likes me
This song speaks to me
I HATE it when rappers act as if XANAX helped people forget everything and get high
I’m so tired
I hate the stupid cycle of you stop eating because of anxiety, then feel like shit because you haven't eaten, and then still don't eat because you feel like shit...
I used the calm app today.
Started a new career, I should be excited but I just feel anxious
I have tightness in my chest like I cannot get a full breath...I am having an anxiety attack :(
Sometimes I feel like my problem isn’t anxiety.
Well.. here’s to new things..
Trying to deal with personal shit, didn't study for huge exam. Taking it tomorrow blind.
Got PMed a link (I couldn’t see the website because it was replaced with text) and, well...
TFW we’re all too anxious to comment on eachother’s posts or make posts at all
It is taking over my life.
I broke up with the only person I talk to, my boyfriend, because I can’t bring myself out of the house to meet him. He doesn’t deserve this.
Perfectionism and Panic Attacks
2am freak-out
Those with health anxiety
I’m so anxious I haven’t eaten in 4 days.
Feeling like you can’t breathe?
Overcoming Inefficiency
I called 1(800) 273-8255. EVERYBODY recommends this number, right? If it’s so highly recommended then it must be filled with professionals who know their stuff, right? I call it and the person says I should try out it BetterHelp. Little research and I see so many calling it a scam. What??
I whisper to myself as a anxiety coping mechanism
Dropping Responsibilities and duties
I'm making it all up...
Stopped meds and now feeling the consequences
Frequent Panic Attacks as Halloween Approaches
Well.... shit
Light in the hallway went out so now im afraid to leave my room at night
Noticing my face is getting red and staying red longer
New medication
Is this anxiety and rOCD in this pre-relationship or is it real doubts?
DAE have a sort of twitch when they’re really anxious?
Love life
Does this anxiety take years off my life?
Anxiety Paranoia Help
delaying the inevitable
Talking about social problems to friends
I have to do a re-enactment of a scene from Julius Caesar in front of the class, and I am terrified
Shaking inside.
I know my head is just playing tricks on me, but I’m starting to believe it.
You Are Stronger Than You Think!!
Quick Vent
Who else gets scared about being called into work on their day off?
Permanent state of anxiety
I feel and look so ugly and have no friends and experience so much anxiety
Frustrated and embarrassed
Terrified of bugs
Wellbutrin and Zoloft
Suicidal Thoughts
I’m so ashamed of myself
Day long tension headaches and feeling illiterate
UPDATE: blowup fight with with wife last night. Job interview in one hour.
Why can't I make myself talk in class?
How do you cope
I'm sick of being so lonely
Stomach aches while focusing?
Is there a name/solution for this?
Emotional Support Dog
I’m on the verge of dropping out of college and still am not doing anything about it
I think I’m dropping out for the rest of the semester.
Brain fog is the Fkn worst symptom of anxiety
Looking for encouraging words as I withdraw off of meds
Deciding to medicate?
Does anyone else not check their school email because of anxiety?
I took what I would describe as an anxiety attack in a meeting today.
weird and terrifying sensation
stopping masturbation = higher self-esteem, confidence & motivation boost, severely reduced social anxiety & depression, more.
stopping masturbation = higher self-esteem, confidence & motivation boost, severely reduced social anxiety & depression. what not. and i'm not being biased
I've been feeling better
I'm a married, unemployed third world male, my mother might have cancer, I live full of frustrations of a pst life I miss and a future life I'll never have. I want to die soon.
Feels
When my bf doesn’t text me all day I get scared he died. So I check his reddit & he hasn’t posted today either and now I’m extra scared.
How do someone becomes a stupid fool? How do i be smart?
Help
Any success stories on klonopin helping you function normally in terms of the physical and mental effects of anxiety?
How do you make yourself move when you're frozen?
About to start 5mg Lexapro
The meaning of life - don't know how not to overthink
My constant problems
Does being around frustrated/angry folks make you really anxious/scared? What do you do?
I feel weird and I don't know what it is... **Possible trigger?**
Oh hello, sudden wave of intense anxiety that is bad enough to make my vision go blurry
Does anyone feel like their social anxiety began to settle down after puberty?
Idk where to post this, but I feel weird. And this seemed to be the appropriate place (Ignore my husband's less than helpful response)
How far can I ask people to accommodate me? Am I being unreasonable?
The Best Anxiety Treatment - Handle Anxiety - Proven Cures
I honestly hate my family for being supportive and trying to help.
Idk where to post this, but I feel weird. And this seemed to be the appropriate place (Ignore my husband's less than helpful response)
Medication for panic disorder
I'm causing myself anxiety and I don't know how to stop.
My therapist makes me anxious and uncomfortable.
I was 15 minutes late, but I came to work.
Mental Health
I’m going back to school. I’m afraid.
Panic disorder? Here are symptoms?
Help????!
Are there online support groups available?
Good Morning
I hope this post helps anyone. We help each other and we will get through this.
Does anyone else's anxiety turn them into an asshole?
Anxiety so bad I can't get out of bed.
We will have an an overnight guest for the next 2 nights, and I don't cope well with that.
Who more feels scared / gets a weird feeling when you see a person you haven't seen in a long time that you have a history with?
Take more time for yourself - that age old advice is never as easy as it sounds
What blogs/podcasts do you follow that helps with your anxiety?
I'm a depressed mess and anxiety is making me think that's annoying to my friends.
How do i stop being the weak nice guy?? Stop being weak minded? Stop wasting my life on trying to get people to like me? What makes someone stupid/pathetic/loser?
Just because you have mental health issues doesnt mean you are a bad person.
I should be at work, but I’m sitting at home right now trying to tell myself to go to work.
Anxiety shower thought...the only time my anxiety really ever leaves is when I'm sick.
Feeling betrayed by counselor and wanting to bolt. What should I do?
Newly Diagnosed, Coming Apart at the Seams
Anxiety and sleepless nights for a job
My anxiety is debilitating
Anxiety only at home?
The worse my depression and anxiety gets the more I realise why so many people with mental health issues turn to drugs
Anti depressants and nausea
How do you cope with the feeling of dread in the morning?
Work-Worries. Would love a hug and encouraging words
It is 4:38 AM, I’ve been up for about an hour now with no signs on sleeping. I have to leave for work in less than 3 hours.
Been invited to a party- only know one person
Had what I think is an anxiety episode
I'm really struggling with money & a shit job that's making my anxiety bad
How to fight social anxiety at school?
Sleep Meditation - Calm Music for Stress & Anxiety Relief
I’m drowning in myself
Not too sure what to do about my shaking.
Late night
I can’t decide what to do with my life and that anxiety is stopping me from doing anything.
Blah
Already bad anxiety made worse by driving
Sense of Impending Doom is becoming Palpable
Suggestions for how to help LDR SO
Just Needing Encouragement
Very strange disorder taking over my day to day life
Anyone have experience with amitriptyline?
Does anyone who takes propranolol notice any side effects such as loss of libido or ED?
Does anxiety include weighing options?
I am freaking out & worried something is seriously wrong with my fiance.
Forgiveness
Things will improve
Dentist anxiety
Can't eat can't work
Technique that helps me cope with anxiety
Does anyone else feel like they just really want to talk to someone but are to afraid to actually call or text them
My anxiety just keeps getting worse.
First Real Job
Exercise induced anxiety
Switching meds, very anxiety
Can you get neurological symptoms with anxiety?
Terrified of life
About to start Zoloft and Tranzedone. Really scared.
I finally went to get evaluated
Just need an outlet to vent. No responses needed.
Im curious, what is the one thing you consider you can't do because of your anxiety. For example going to shopping mall.
I can’t stop thinking about people following me.
I suffer from severe social anxiety and today I made had a huge accomplishment!
Trying to reconcile anxiety with feelings for girl?
Tonight I am anxious and frustrated at what should be an amazing time in my life
I'm feeling a bit lonely and need to vent
Anyone else has gym anxiety!? Help
I tried to channel the feeling of overwhelming thoughts into a video that was equal parts funny and scary.
Starting to recover from a severe case of sexual orientation anxiety but now thoughts about my past is delaying my recovery---any help?
Whats wrong with me
Typical day
Cardiophobia
Im having a hard week;
Prednisone making anxiety worse
Heard gunshot but didnt do anything
Anxiety pushing me over the edge
I cannot sleep right now.
What mistake have you made lately?
My rapist’s biggest support just posted about her rape on Facebook. I have a feeling it was the same dude and it’s all my fault.
Trying to express how I feel makes me feel worse?
Talked to my crush today
Just need somebody to hear it
Please help
So I voted today and was shaking so badly I couldn't put my ballot into the scanner someone had to do it for me.
Starting medication!!
I got myself into a terrible situation and I've been on edge for this whole week
I can't bare to be home on holiday leave from work.
fuckmystupidfuckingbrain
Gym anxiety. How common is it?
Anyone else feel better during a full moon?
Advice for Handling Crippling Relationship Anxiety?
My anxiety is ruining my life and it feels as though I can do nothing to stop it
I calmed myself down from anxiety attack(s) at work yesterday!
I feel like I'm finally making some progress with my life
Separation anxiety is overwhelming me
Anxiety is making me act stupider than I am
Been obsessing over one particular thing for a while and would like some help/support.
Does anyone feel like they're just coasting through life?
Does anyone feel lkkw they're just coasting through life?
Im fenced in
I have those weird feelings for my best friend.
People who have successfully uaes magnesium to ease anxiety... How fast acting was it and in what form did you take it in?
Making myself feel guilty if I find I'm not thinking what I 'should' be thinking
Making myself sick to avoid work
Hey guys, I have a question
Horrible anxiety attack
DAE invalidate themselves because they can appear outwardly to function?
Out and About
I had my mind goes into full panic mode
I'm very nervous about dentist appointment tomorrow and I just have some questions about what I should expect with oral sedation and recovery from gum disease and deep cleaning
A poem about my anxiety
Daily panic attacks at work--help please.
Health anxiety involving liver is taking over my life.
Anxiety took a relationship away from me
Advice on Dealing with Negativity
How do you tell the difference between anxiety and gut feeling/what you really want?
First Therapist Appointment
After years of anxiety, depression and multiple suicide attempts, I decided to put my emotions into music. This week I released an album about what depression is like in my eyes.
Anyone else can't stand looking at their crush?
Do I have anxiety or small panic attacks?
My anxiety is like a lion, waiting.
Your kids moved out...why haven’t your worries?
Tight Neck/Neck Pain? Anyone?
What are your tips and tricks on getting through a day where you wake up consumed with anxiety?
I'm finally becoming an individual but am scared to be one
I've had GAD all my life, and the one thing I can't stand is..
I'm currently anxious and going out
Contemplating leaving University
Is there a anxiety hotline for not suicidal persons?
Looking for someone with health anxiety to talk to on here maybe chat.
Speech advice
I have a social later, and Im stressing out
I thought you guys might like this little interchange I saw on Frasier just now
Unknown feelings
Como tratar a ansiedade e os seus sintomas
Caffeine
Calmantes Naturais Para a Ansiedade
Learning to drive is giving me anxiety?
Am I quitting Zoloft too early?
Open Culture
Any artists with anxiety feeling uneasy about their work around here?
I've been hanging out in a lifeboat for a while now. Suddenly I'm treading water and I feel like my head is going to go under. It's so unexpected and I dont know what to do.
Anxiety about describing my anxiety to my Doc
I can’t draw but this is how I feel waking up in the morning.
I am having an anxiety attack about whether or not I'm a good person.
Tapering off of meds.
Anxiety and skin issues?
Having the worst anxiety, missing class all the time
I’m a 32 year old anxious business owner....
hyperhidrosis
Rant
Emotional Atlas Project - Youper
I don't know what to do anymore
I've been putting off needed medical appointments for a year or so, and I don't know how to stop.
7 Confidence Hacks For Introverts!
Severe fear of blood and medical scenes in movies
Has anyone been on lexapro but found a better alternative?
Does anyone else feel like they're just never good enough?
Only the next 5 things
desperately in need of help, but doctor just wants to treat me like an addict
counted: yesterday i was awake for 15 hours and spent 10.5 hours doing mental pure-o type compulsions. this is as random and regular day as it gets.
I don’t know what’s wrong with me.
[deleted by user]
Anyone else been having a rough few weeks and just don't know what to do?
I quit my job a few days ago due to stress and anxiety.
Second voice in my head
Can’t get motivated to go to my classes
Anxiety without Xanax?
How do i stop being the weak nice guy?? Stop being weak minded? Stop wasting my life on trying to get people to like me?
Found out I’m in need of emergency surgery overnight. Anxiety is through the roof. Looking for some support and advice
How to stop overthinking everything?
i think (am anxious that) even when my anxiety's totally gone, i'm going to regret how i lived mediocre life this long, how i was unmotivated and unproductive for years and years - and it won't be less of a pain than anxiety itself.
Daughter is anxious
My parents are literally the source of my anxiety and I can't deal with it anymore
Anyone else need routine?
Anyone have experience with Elavil
Feeling so anxious over nothing
Hi I'm new and struggling
Should I(22F) cut contact with this guy(31M)?
I just realized why I’m so quiet.
ASMR videos don't help me relax when I'm having anxiety or can't sleep from my anxiety. Am I the only one?
Anxiety AFTER meeting friends..
My doctor prescribed Deanxit?
Is anyone else deeply upset by the possibility of natural disaster?
Feeling alone
Does your anxiety make you feel like you're not here, and everything is fake?
SOS need gelp with anxiety ASAP!
T minus 4 hours to surgery... Send happy thoughts please!
I keep pushing my mother away because of my anxiety, I'm not sure why
Mental Knife
Apparently I 'have it all'
Can someone calm me down?
Counseling?
Anxiety at an all time high,
I cant sleep
After my most recent "performance", I feel like everyone at work is tiptoeing around me
Another sleepless night
I start my first post college job tomorrow, in the meantime I can't sleep and I feel anxious and trapped.
In need of coping advice
Job interview in 11 hours and I’m panicking...
Does anyone else get ticks (spasms) when they have anxiety
I feel like a guy won't want me because of my diagnosis.
School is a living nightmare every single day.
Wrote a poem about anxiety.
I feel like I need help
Spiraling
One anxious 15 year old, two months, three pediatrics appointments, two weeks until cardiologist seems like forever!
Risks, rewards, and things you wish you knew before taking medication?
Do I have IBS?
just realized i was ashamed about the fact that i had anxiety issues and it was way bigger source of depression than anxiety itself. YOU OUGHT NOT BE ASHAMED OF YOUR ANXIETY DISORDER, NO MATTER WHICH.
Is this anxiety or depression or worse?
Twisted and forgotten
Nightmare Help
If Your Job Gives You Anxiety, You Deserve To Change Jobs - This Is How Short Your Life Is If You Hate Your Job & Only Enjoy The Weekends
Switching medications
Went back today
As a man, I feel anxious showing my true personality, which may seem a bit feminine, or at least not at all traditionally masculine
What do you guys do to reduce Your daily anxiety?
I had a panic attack at work today
Is it acceptable for me to barge into this thread and just scream loudly?
Experiences with therapy, especially CBT
[deleted by user]
Healthy coping mechanisms?
What if I only feel comfortable with a date while medicated?
Switching Anxiety Medications. Help?
I get really anxious thinking about the future
Quit my corporate engineering job that pays more than I should be making to be a scuba instructor
My anxiety has been getting worse lately and I don’t know what to do.
Coworker caused a panic attack
Last night I convinced myself that I was dying because I had shivers.
Anyone else see/fear "monsters"?
Trying to describe what anxiety feels like physically.
Is it anxiety or am I on my way to getting fired?...
I got fired, and I can't stop crying.
I read creepypastas online out of curiosity and my anxiety is terrible for days after
Where to find weighted blankets?
I dare to live. I am not ashamed to fear anymore.
First Experiences with Anxiety
Having the worst time of it for a long while...
Tomorrow I have a presentation
To me, General Anxiety is being equally freaked out by insignificant noises around the house as my cat.
One week into my program for anxiety and drug abuse, figured I’d try out a new hobby :)
One week into a program for anxiety and drug abuse, figured I’d try out a new hobby :)
Inescapable loneliness and pointless thoughts
Has anyone tried CBD?
I have been having a lot of anxiety over this. Can favoring weight to one leg cause the other to be weaker?
When should i take my gabapentin?
What is this? Hypomania, agitated depression?
Tips to increase appetite?
Exercise caused panic attack?
Let's talk about magnesium, baby
"Are you ok?"
Some thoughts on my teenage anxiety.
The universe’s toilet
Has my anxiety gotten worse?
Realized
Introvert/Extrovert
Had a panic attack don’t know how to explain it
I should go to the doctor.
At my wits end with anxiety, will a doctor give me a script for something like Xanax without thinking I’m some sort of junkie?
SO suffering from anxiety i think. not sure how to help
It can sure be a bitch...
My lifesaver for job interviews 🙏🏻
Seeing a doctor for anxiety?
My anxiety is ruining my life
Had a great couple days. Then had one dream that fucked me.
Wrong Doorbell
I get anxiety over my friend having other friends
For anyone struggling today.
I dropped out of college yesterday...
Dating with Anxiety
A colleague is bypassing me by asking other peoples for info of projects that I lead.
Nothing helps my anxiety
Sudden anger after an anxiety spell?
The Hemp Source - CBD Oil and More!
Scheduling an appointment with my family doctor to talk about my anxiety.
missed her birthday
Feeling really horrible
Anyone here who treat or try to treat their chronic anxiety on their own/with limited help from professionals?
Does Diazepam diminish your anxiety?
Has anyone discontinued Xanax? Looking for advice.
How To Separate Yourself From Anxiety (This channel is gold)
Does anyone else bite the insides of their lips?
I drew how my anxiety feels
Attended my first therapy session last week and these were the results
I think I'm relapsing - but this time, it's okay
Feeling numb
Interview Day
General anaesthetic tomorrow and I am terrified, I'm so anxious it's making me ill.
My “friend” will endlessly lampoon me, shit on me, make fun of me, and treat me like trash.
Do I have anxiety..?
I feel sick and everybody tells me it's nothing
I JUST WANT THIS TO END
Randomly laughing
These CBD Gummies have done wonders for my GAD
To...
WHY is it SO HARD to find a therapist with my health insurance?
people with social anxiety, what are some tips for keeping calm, focused and non-anxious for more than a half a day when you know you have to go somewhere or do something at 9 pm?
To me, anxiety is taking extra money to the takeaway to get my regular order, that has been the same amount of money for years, just in case the price has gone up.
I’ve been hiding in my own house for 3 days
DAE take Clonazepam for Panic Attacks?
My school doesn’t know what anxiety is
Needing to bare in mind that this is a marathon, not a sprint!
Quit my toxic job
Can anxiety lead to heart problems?
Birthday
Anxiety is too much for me
How do you balance your weekend to-do list with time for relaxing?
Failed for the fifth time in a row to ask girl in class out.
Thinking about coming off of medication :)
Does anyone else get acid reflux symptoms from anxiety?
Does anyone else feel this way?
Anxiety making Acid reflux problem way more than it is.(health anxiety)
Going to Coworking Space for First Time in 3 weeks
Just had to leave work early for my anxiety and IBS issue!
This weekend, I overcame my rumination! It's not gone by any means, but I did it!
How To Hypnotize Yourself: The 6-Step Self-Hypnosis Formula [INFOGRAPHIC]
Sleep and anxiety
Finally seeing a shrink tomorrow and I don’t really not what to say or expect
getting tired.
Struggling with the loss of my mum..please help.
Struggling to get out of bed
Can xanax cause rebound "mental" anxiety?
Not sure what this is called
The Best Online Casinos &amp; Pokies in New Zealand | New NZ Casinos
How do I find a good psychiatrist?
I had an anxiety relapse and am not sure what to do to get back on track.
I think I’m having anxiety attacks when I sleep
Becoming friends with an anxious person
Why does anxiety almost always bring bad stomach/digestion problems?
Anxiety as a school student. Anyone relate?
My anxiety seems to involve only my feelings, not my thoughts. Can anyone relate?
Feel like crying during films even if it's not even THAT sad (23/m)
University is pushing me to my limits
I feel like i’m nicer because of my anxiety disorder
Get Rid Of Anxiety
I fucking hate this!
TL;DR: Trouble distinguishing nausea from anxiety.....am I really nauseous or is it just the anxiety?
When your anxiety is the spookiest thing in October.
Pressure on my Chest is Magic Calming Button for Panic Attacks? Anyone Else?
Stopping anxiety attacks
Thanks to this sub.
I don't study due to anxiety/avoidance
Non confrontational people
Life lacks something, can't figure out what
Is this anxiety?
Does anyone have friends or family who you don’t want to ever know that you have anxiety?
Does anyone here take adderall/vyvanse? I really want to go back on them but they actually give me really bad panic attacks...
Is this general anxiety or ...?!
My friend needs some serious help
First time poster on r/anxiety; entry from my journal tonight
Anxiety has taken over my life
Anxiety + Work
Can anyone else feel when an anxiety/depression slump is oncoming?
Even when I know I ordered postmates, I still get really nervous when someone knocks on my door.
I don’t know what’s wrong
Hives due to anxiety?
Why do you have a problem saying no?
Constant physical anxiety remedies?
Silence is awful
Day 1: Sock on the monitor challenge
School bathroom anxiety
I had a Full Blown Panic Attack
Worried about the news..... still
Just failed my drivers test
i’m a waste of space
Trick I use when I feel lame.
Disability
Seasonal Allergies and Panic Attacks
Any tips/life hacks for working in customer service?
I (17F) think I have anxiety, but I don’t know where to go from here.
Generalized anxiety and depression
Getting tired of this anxiety
If you need a laugh: I got my blood drawn today!
Starting my first job tomorrow.
It’s tough , I feel like I’m never going to be 100% again .
Does anyone else get anxious at the cashier register?
I'm going to taper off of my meds
To me, Social Anxiety is walking to the other side of your office building, to use the bathroom nobody knows exists, just to avoid having to talk to your coworkers while washing your hands.
Is there anything that can help me get over recent dissociation?
Therapist Suddenly Quit or was Fired
Saw a doctor for the first time ever
Teenager with seperation anxiety (M)
Good or bad day, we all need this reminder: There is still beauty behind the grey skies. There is still beauty in you.
I had a panic attack at work ...again...
Discussion on Optometry and Anxiety/Depression
For those who have gotten better....
Does anybody feel sometimes as their vision is shutting down.
General Anxiety Disorder is killing me.
Family telling other family/friends your business when you've specifically stated plenty of times that you don't want to be talked about.
Constantly feeling on edge
TFW you have 2 anxiety attacks in case the first one didn't stick
Anxiety and what-if:A combo that can kill your life.
I found this on Instagram and thought that it was a pretty nice message, it made me feel better :) I hope you are having a nice day and that everything improves for you. (灬ºωº灬)♡
How do you cope with concentration problems?
I have an easy, good-paying, government desk job with great benefits but I have too much anxiety to move up.
Nearly threw up on the bus today from anxiety
My Best Friend
Top 6 Natural Remedies For Anxiety (Panic Attacks)
People who jokingly introduce themselves offensively, you need to stop!
Anxiety about leaving home
I overcame a fear that caused a lot of anxiety. I feel so relieved.
I've been super anxious for no reason.
Anxiety is ruining my life.
Does anyone else have this issue?
I told someone to hack me, they did, they involved my family and friends so I told the school, the police were called and the person was expelled; I think I just fucked over myself
Anxiety preventing me from focusing on class lecture
Is this anxiety?
Any specific tricks for the awful feeling in your stomach?
I want to punch a wall, scream, cry on the floor...
Feel extremely uncomfortable literally just sitting down
Share a success story with me to give me some hope
Talking about anything personal or anxiety-related makes me tear up/cry
What are the least social jobs that basically require no qualification either?
I’m having one of those days 😔
What are your physical symptoms of anxiety?
How do you decide on which therapist to go to?
Do Benzos make anyone else cry? Not depressed, just crying
Just wanted to say thank you
Mini Victory :)
(17 M)
Trying to fight an oncoming panic attack by thinking of happy memories and positive things is like trying to summon a Patronus to fight a Dementor.
becoming your own prisoner...
Everyday is a uphill battle.... constant anxiety attacks
Does anyone have anxiety-caused tachycardia?
Help getting over flight anxiety
Vent?
I started looking around for apartments today. I am silently freaking out
Looking to learn more about exercise's role in reducing anxiety
Any tips on how to ground yourself when experiencing depersonalization symptoms?
Toxic shame?
scared of c. diff after antibiotics
I would like a different point of view about my life
Know what I hate? When you have air trapped in your stomach, but can't burp. and for whatever reason, this pressure starts sending waves of adrenaline and panic.
How do you deal with a bad time at work?
I'm hiding in the bathroom to escape my class's hate towards me.
Just something I found today that goes along with my post yesterday....
CBD oil and my experiences
Try hug yourself right now. Take your arms and let them around you. Just do it without thinking.
These CBD gummies have been amazing for my GAD
Substitute Teacher Anxiety
Any brides with anxiety successfully live through planning a wedding?
Needed to post somewhere to let some things out.
Is memory loss normal for anxiety?
I find it helpful to yell at myself, and remind myself of the truth...
That’s it - I’m getting treatment
Why do the worst days always follow days that something good happens?
Emailed a therapist!
Why does he keep photos of me?
Feeling lost
Duloxetine for anxiety (thoughts?)
100 consecutive days of mindfulness meditation
I get anxiety over the stupidest situations
Anyone just wanna talk today ?i feel anxiety flowong through me and it helps to talk to someone. If not its ok just figured we can chill each other out.
Need help
New kitten went missing.
A horrible few days of anxiety, I don’t know what to do
Can a capsule be split to reduce dose?
Does anyone have any resources that I can provide to friends/family/coworkers regarding GAD? (e.g. brochures/pamphlets, books, websites) I want them to understand what it's like for me, and for them to know how best to help.
Just had my first therapy session
I meditated for 100 hours over 10 days to help with my anxiety
24/7 high anxiety even with medication.
My coworkers start noticing my anxiety problem :(
Tip I learned from Haunting of A Hill House to deal with anxiety.
What’s the weirdest thing your anxiety has made you do?
Escitalopram— anyone on it and has it helped you?
What does it mean when you have an extreme reaction to Lolita? (TW: fictional child abuse, pedophilia, rape)
Anxiety over an upcoming confrontation. How do I handle it?
Woke up, got dressed, can't leave house because of anxiety.
How do you stop caring so much about what people think?
Body wont shut off
Beyond Self Hypnosis
Does anyone else have this exact problem?
Looking for advice about how to force myself to make doctor appointments
Just failed driving test for the 4th time
My anxiety never lets relax when it comes to my boyfriend
Constantly anxious, constantly stressed
Driving test soon (UK). Any tips for keeping calm?
Returning anxiety
Almost constant state of anxiety. Complete loss of motivation to study, do productive work, physical activity. Admitting to my fault so that people can let me go and stop bothering me. I need help, please. (17M)
Life hack for morning anxiety
My brain is trying to kill me
(16M) I don't know what to do. I've completely let my fears spiral out of control and I feel like I can't do anything right now. Can anyone help me/ talk to me please?
Hadnt had an anxiety attack for the past 3 months until just now
4 AM
Sleeping & Dreaming Issues
Crippling fear caused by the media.
Travel Insurance Claim and Anxiety - Help/Experience requested (X-Post from r/Flight)
Feeling lost
Yall ever get so anxious about having to do something that you are prevented from doing it?
Do yall ever get the sense that people see you as incapable?
How to deal with exam anxiety?
I feel like I'm gonna pass out. I don't kniw what to do
I had anxiety
Not even completely sure if I have anxiety, but...
How ethic cultures interpret anxiety
Well, my social anxiety has officially turned me into a weirdo.
Emotional abuse giving me anxiety problems
help-my bad hair and anxiety are ruining my college life
Anxiety and depression controlling me, my counselor doesn’t help
Not wanting to get better?
Depressed about never being in a relationship
I don’t get why my social anxiety peaks for some people and disappears for others
What I noticed in my 2 weeks off of medicine!
Anxiety about dying in an accident
Is it possible for someone like me to make a move somewhere far away where I don’t know anyone and have no kind of stability?
Before you check in with others, check in with yourself.
Panic attay
Panicking over a forthcoming (but much needed) surgery
Why am I always anxious about nothing
Seasonal anxiety/depression
Am I having mild panic attacks at night?
Help / suggestions needed! Suffering IBS from panic attacks
Wisdom Teeth Help
Buy Methadone,Percocet,Oxycodone,Xanax,Diazepam,Zolpidem,Subutex,Kamagra And More
Is it normal to feel anxious that you might accidentally break up with someone who makes you super happy?
New to the subreddit
Ativan and alcohol
Im at my breaking point
I am really scared to swim
Started having a panic attack while making out, what the hell is going on.
Anyone else feel particularly crappy for a while after a panic/anxiety episode?
So anxious I can't sleep and don't know what to do.
ugh.... :(
Afraid of sleeping, feeling like I have schizophrenia.
Driving!
What a Mess I’ve Created
Hey, so I’m from England, I have anxiety and depression and I’m in America... Austin texas actually and I’m loving it. I’ve been here for 3 days so far and another 4 to go. Wow! I never thought I’d be here!
I am really struggling to cope right now.
Most frustrating anxiety?
Anxious thoughts aren't ridiculous (Trigger warning)
So confused...
Chronic anxiety sufferers, what is something that really grounds you during a bad episode?
Anxiety over vomiting/nausea is ruining my life
Should I (19/m) burn a journal of bad memories
pregnant or just anxiety?
I try to tell people that I have anxiety but there is no word for it in my language.
Was prescribed Wellbutrin - scared to take it
Does anybody else suffer from such anxiety that their eyes start shifting all over the place and the spine feels like it has locked up and body movements become strange..?
How do YOU unwind?
Anyone here from Sheffield?
Doctors appointment tomorrow, I've been anxious all day.
The Strongest Women Are The Women With Anxiety
How do you all feel about being called out on your anxiety?
Mês job tomorrow
I made a list of my symptoms.
Im in an abusive relationship with myself
[deleted by user]
Does anybody else sometimes pretend they’re drunk/high to feel more outgoing in social situations?
Should I be worried?
Here to help and help me in return lol why not
I’ve been cutting myself off from everyone I know except family for the last few weeks, and it’s the most mentally healthy I’ve ever felt.
Job anxiety and interviews
Socially awkward people that cannot carry on a conversation with most people, how did you get a job?
Does anyone else get a loss of appetite?
A visualisation exercise I came up with, that really helps me, with racing thoughts, worrying and falling asleep (cross-posted in several mental health subreddits)
Premature ejaculation because of anxiety.
Zoloft causing anxiety, someone please help.
I’m so scared about everything, I feel like the world is doomed
Feels like I'm having a heart attack sometimes. Scares the shit out me.
Anyone else feel really ugly on Zoloft?
I can’t draw but this is how my anxiety feels.
Supplementing Buspar w/ CBD? (grapefruit?)
I decided that from now on I'm just not answering people when they try to act like my anxiety symptoms are good things.
Just wondering if it ever gets better? Benzo withdrawals and Paxil 20 mg/buspar 10 mg and still suffering debilitating panic attacks that are controlling my life. I quit Ativan cold turkey and I can’t get back on track. Any advice?
My chest feels tight
the dentist
Please give some advice.
Agoraphobic here just called a “fucking pussy” by a friend for not being able guarantee I could make it to a location.
Stressing out? How to STOP STRESSING with 10 Simple Ways | StudyWithKiki
I can’t stop thinking about a potential war with Russia and it scares me half to death.
I hate myself so much it makes me hate myself more
What can we say?
Has anyone gotten over a debilitating fear of flying?
My sister has been having these anxiety attacks..
Every morning I wake up nauseous, I dry heave, feel a little dizzy and have a tight feeling in my chest. Is this anxiety? Or something else?
Am I the only one who self diagnoses and brings more anxiety to himself?
Empirical / scientific evidence re: CBD?
I spent so much time avoiding telling friends about how I felt for fear of annoying them, that I lost them all through lack of seeing them.
Just thought I'd share this with you guys. It may help you.
Does anyone else feel like a passenger in their day-to-day life, or am I just hungry?
I've had an anxiety attack and I've had nausea and imbalance all day long
Anyone else hate/can't sleep hearing their own heartbeat?
I long connection but get extremely jealous in relationships
New study on controlling constant thinking
Exposing myself
I have a disability hearing in a few days.
Panic attacks when trying to fall asleep
Working with Anxiety
CBD has helped me so much.
Wich form of Magnesium is best to take for anxeity?
Horrrible Reaction
How to cope with fears of nuclear war?
Anxiety triggered by being in public, but I don't think it's social anxiety?
How to talk to an intimidating professor?
SSRI and melatonin?
I wanted to share my new embroidery with you all as a reminder of your value ❤
Peak anxiety after buying a house, considering SSRI
this is what anxiety feels like - Clinton Kane
how to cope with fears of nuclear war?
Social anxiety whilst on a year abroad
Things I wish people knew about Anxiety
I just moved in my first rent apartment and my anxiety exploded
Hard for me to learn new things, deal with stress even slightly and I have little knowledge of everyday life.
When You Stop Fighting Anxiety Fades Away
[Serious] Does anyone else just feel like taking benzos (legally) for the rest of your life?
Does anyone elses anxiety disorder make them suicidal?
Anxiety isn’t really anxiety?
Anxiety panick attack
nuclear fears AGAIN
I wanted to share my new embroider with you all as a reminder of your value ❤
I have mild anxiety, nothing too bad but I can never stop thinking about death and afterlife.
Strange Mouth
Finally getting help.
Kicking Anxiety in the butt with food.
Intense waves of panic attacks, need help
Someone new to experiencing anxiety looking for coping methods.
Anxiety all day
Anxiety at work
Had my first panic/anxiety attack (I think) earlier this week. I've been a constant anxious mess all week now. Need a chat to help me sleep.
is this panic attack?
Throwing up before events
The only title I can think of is literal screaming
Please tell me you’ve had the same experience.
I’m slipping back to my old anxious ways.i don’t know what to do
Not feeling happy anymore
I sometimes think people don't understand the extent of having anxiety as an illness.
Hi all, first time here and wanted to just talk about what I feel is a panic attack.
Prozac and alcohol?
Why do your anxieties change over time?
Is it possible to get out of Anxiety leading up to a big event?
The physical symptoms
Being An Anxious Artist - Dealing With Self-Doubt In Creativity
How do you deal with waves of panic all day?
Today I think I felt true happiness
Something I wrote in my diary regarding anxiety
I feel numb
Anxiety after getting pricked with piece of glass in park
What movies or TV shows depict panic disorder/GAD?
It's my birthday
My dad keeps letting my cats outside and it’s giving me terrible anxiety
I’m losing control
I've been struggling with anxiety lately. Wanted to draw how I felt and how I see my own anxiety.
Been struggling a lot lately with anxiety, wanted to make some art to express what anxiety looks like to me
[Advice] Don’t forget to take that step back.
How to deal with situational anxiety?
Tips for slowing heart rate?
The hells wrong with me now
social life
Cleaning my room
Simple trick to how I overcame my anxiety
Nose bleeds anyone?
Is it anxiety or arrhythmia?
Anyone have endless anxiety about mass catastrophies (war, global warming, etc)?
Tips for managing anxiety in test taking or other high academic pressure situations?
Its hard to raise children anxiety in such a shallow world
This is my first time posting so I hope this is okay. My anxiety has made me a shell of my old self and I’m not sure how to fix it. I’m open to answering any questions and any help/advice for that matter
Massive anxiety over bad internet posts as a kid, how it might impact my future
Today was rough
Childhood dog ate rat poison and I'm terrified for her
Didnt Show Up to Work
An interesting poem/video about anxiety
Should I be concerned?
I have generalized anxiety while my gf has depression, when we argue we dont respond the same way and makes everything worse.
Can I see a therapist in help with dealing with social anxiety and social awkwardness?
Hypocondriac with anxiety and a sleep phobia.
Anxiety on fear of inhaling secondhand smoke will kill me in years.
DAE show their anxiety through their torn cuticles?
Speed dating
help... don’t know if this is anxiety or real?
TMJ flair ups
Daydreaming? I don’t know what this means.
Conquer the stigma-mental health blog-the place to realize that you are not alone
I get anxiety thinking about death
How scary is it to fly in an airplane for the first time?
Feel like another intense panic attack is eminent
Recurring panic attack that terrifies me, any suggestions?
Out of my comfort zone.
I feel like my heart is pounding/racing when I am anxious. How can I help this?
Lockjaw
Reality
I dont know why i react the way i do
Periods of anxiety followed by elevated moods + anger issues. How to deal with the anger? (When prolonged anxiety has passed, a more positive period happens alongside difficulties controlling anger and sometimes other emotions.)
Anxiety has ruined my weekend
Extreme anxiety when you get a message.
Can Panic Attacks symptoms change each time you have them?
Random bursts of anxiety. Anyone else get this?
A little help
Manual breathing
I almost gave up last night, but I didn't. Today gave me so much hope. Here's my documentation that good days do happen. I hope you don't mind my rambles.
I think this is worth hearing
relationship anxiety
Has anyone taken a medication for quite a long time with no problems, and then months later developed adverse side effects from it?
What's wrong with me?
Walked out of a movie theatre and went gome cryimg after months of waiting
Why do I have anxiety now?
Is this anxiety the result ROCD or am I/was I just not into this girl?
Relationship/Confidence Realization and Victory!
My dad just got me an interview
Finding my place in this world
I was just a team leader at a leadership conference
anxiety and gerd / chest tightness burping - how to cope?
Struggled 2016-2017 - Today I Did Something I thought I Never Would Have Done.
Those of you that get panic attacks what are your symptoms? How do you cope? What triggers you?
I am married
Flying and plane anxiety
Letting people down..
Lifetime of tremors and anxiety. My 10 years of experience broken down by medicine. (Engineer here)
How do I live with anxiety and all its physical symptoms?
I'm anxious & depressed, I've tried so much to help myself but I'm so fed up.
A Rough Week
Why do I still have social anxiety when I'm on my max dosage of Zoloft?
How anxiety makes me feel like an alcoholic
Going to a house party (:
Sometimes I just wanna give up
DAE have those moments where you have an overwhelming urge to reach out and apologise to people?
Will anxiety get worse over time? I dont remember the last time i saw a anxious 40 year old.
Normies w/o anxiety
me_irl
How I cope
Will taking my antidepressant at night help with morning anxiety??
So anxious I made myself terribly sick.
Anxiety or.....?
scared to create characters
Recommendations for anxiety with Wellbutrin? Attached are medicines I've tried and results
How to deal with paranoia?
Question about chest pains and waking up in the morning
I have severe anxiety and i don’t hide it
Too anxious to get out of my car to go to the store
Not liking how I look in hats (for a party I have to go to) is giving me anxiety.
Paralyzed over the future
I did my school planner and now I'm panicking
Can’t eat
This is where society's at :(
Can severe anxiety about something cause you to believe that you have another condition?
Are relationships possible while dealing with GAD anxiety?
Anxiety Made Worse by Not Having Health Insurance
Atarax Brain fog
Valium or Xanax better for generalized anxiety disorder?
Even the spam texts attack me
Morning Anxiety?
Is this depersonalization or something else?
Constant worrying
What would you do?
Facing phobias
Got fired from work
Work anxiety
Anyone have internal tremors when they wake up?
Promotion at work includes a lot of social situationa and it is driving my social anxiety insane
I feel so good today.
Hypochondria, a vicious cycle
Anyone know any good ways to understand whether I'm thinking properly or it's anxiety?
people with panic attacks, do you think you're about to die because of something you are anxious about OR because panic attack symptoms itself? if latter, then what gives you panic attack in the first place if panic attack itself is the reason you are anxious ?
Coping with a new symptom....
The world is a scary place and my brain is no better
Weird Anxiety, what is this?
I have suffered from health anxiety all my life but it is getting worse...
I’ve had terrible anxiety for the past week and I’m having a hard time dealing with it
When your own home makes you anxious.
Found a really cool car, texted my friend about it, accidentally texted the owner and ruined my chances of getting it
My anxiety has been relentless in the last few months
Cousin suffering from anxiety and I don't know how to help her
Ex-Fundamentalist Seeking Help for Anxiety...w/ Weed?
Does anyone else feel euphoria after a anxiety attack???
Ex-Fundamentalist Seeking Help for Anxiety...w/ Weed?
Well it’s official. I can’t find my place in the world. I’ve moved many times had different jobs and tried new things.
Im angry and disappointed with me
When you’re laying down at night, and you get this feeling that you shouldn’t be laying down or relaxing because you haven’t done enough to call it a day, how do you deal with it?
Burning sensation
Buspar
I don’t know how to handle the fact that there are unloved children out there.
everything was getting so much better and then..
Freaking out over medication
Times where your conspiracy level fears came true?
Anxiety about quitting current job for a new job
How to bring up health anxiety to therapist?
Sometimes death downright overwhelms me and my anxiety. How do you approach “the end” in a way that allows you to not spoil “the now”?
Terrible stomach aches and unable to eat
I’m drowning
Attack and all
Criticism
How open are you about your anxiety?
Do you ever shut down for a long period of time?
Advice to help stop tics?
my mom fed me anxiety pills as a child when I didn’t even have anxiety, can that be cause of my sudden anxiety attacks?
This photo really spoke to me today
A Necessary Evil: Workplace Anxiety
Desperately want to have friends but don't know how to act with people around.
Just had surgery on my eye and I’m proud of myself for getting through it
How to get a girlfriend?
How common is being unable to do schoolwork?
Anxiety/anxiety medication is making me sleepwalk. And when I’m sleepwalking I am violent.
Anxiety makes me feel like I’m constantly waiting for something
Finally seeing some progress with my new(ish) therapist!
I’ve always had anxiety but...
Anxiety and panic attacks made me cancel a weekend trip
Random chest pain anyone?
Its small, but asking for advice
Panic over taking a day off work because of anxiety
This has been one of the harder months of my life and I'm worried it won't get better. [Long]
Diagnosis
Anxiety switched on me
My mother is questioning whether I want help.
Do you laugh often?
"I get PVCs as well"
Benzos make me not care about important things? :(
Do Or Die - starting this approach from tomorrow. i go full berzerk mode, do LITERALLY everything my heart wants to, don't let anxiety to stop me from doing something WHATSOEVER. may i die doing that, i rather die doing what i want than survive and live mediocre life. WISH ME LUCK!
This year has been one of the worst but best years of my life and idk what to do
This funny song speaks to me on a fundamental level ('Time To Seize The Day' from "Crazy Ex-Girlfriend")
So I started therapy for the first time...
Hiding in bed for days
I’m stuck at work having a panic attack.
Has anyone gone out in public and come home like ‘Thank god I didn’t die’ or something like that?
Can't drink alcohol sinse "developing" anxiety.
Mother of my child taking advantage of friend-zoned male friend
Just filled an application for my dream university and I'm loosing my shi... cool
Not sure if I have anxiety or not.
Thank you reddit...
Speaking in public
Has anyone become an anxiety counselor after experiencing anxiety in there life? Or know anyone? Does it help?
Do you leave this sub whenever you get better?
Hey
Panic attack when feeling heart in chest then when I cant feel it freak out and another panic attack. Am I crazy?
I need a proof I can be cured. Please. Need an example of a really anxious and depressed male finally leading a good life. Anyone?
Anyone else ever get anxious after prolonged boredom?
I want to live without a smartphone
How to get out of this
I hate elevators and escalators
I've felt like I've been in a fog for days after a really bad experience. Could it all be from anxiety?
Anxiety/birth control effects
The Library pushed me over the edge. Time to do something about it!
Can you suddenly have anxiety?
I've been contemplating dropping out of college, transferring, or maybe just changing my major.
Peaceful hobbies?
Does anyone else get excited about wearing long johns?
Stomachaches when anxious
Am I actually getting better?
[deleted by user]
My parents yell at me when I get panic attacks
Dear Evan Hansen
TIL actress Kristen Bell has struggled with and received treatment for depression and anxiety. She said, "It's important for me to be candid about this so people in a similar situation can realize that they are not worthless and that they do have something to offer." : todayilearned
I'm trying to figure out if what I'm experiencing is panic attacks, can you guys help me out?
Living with Social anxiety
Someone took a picture of my dog, now I’m worried it’s because he wanted to steal her.
Does anyone else get paranoid people will drug your food?
I don’t wanna live anymore. Anxiety/depression took 5 years from me and it’s still crippling on me.
Bizarre situation... how do I know what I want vs. what anxiety is telling me?
How to know you're not going crazy?
Any tried and true methods to avoid crying during confrontation?
I’m ruining my life by being lazy...
Dealing with anxiety and panic attacks
what does being on xanax feel like?
When “what if” runs your life...
Has St, Johns Wort helped with anyone’s bruxism or Teeth clenching?
How did you decide to start therapy?
Anxious about hanging with an old friend (I have no job/life since I last saw them)
Writing out thoughts openly..
Public transportation (and even being in a car with family/friends) is terrifying so I usually walk. But it’s getting cold out.
I had a surgery scheduled for today...
My anxiety put me through the ringer this week
Anyone deal with derealization/depersonalization?
I'm currently a junior in college and I'm having a hard time making friends.
Free Yoga for Anxiety Relief Routine
Existential crisis.
Anxiety and socializing
Anxiety Medication
Anxiety before exercizing
Generalized Anxiety Disorder Help?
I'm having a loong anxiety attack
Im sorta being a proper adult for the first time, but I still have no clue how to deal with people I like.
Zoloft Side Effects
How to overcome paranoia over the small things I do wrong at work?
Not really a big thing but I wonder if anybody else relates.
Im actually ingenuous, artless, unsophisticated, unaffected, innocent, simple, inexperienced, untrained, ignorant, untaught, unworldly, guileless, simple-minded, innocuous, harmless, unwary, no open eyes. Reserved, shy, confiding, childlike, no self esteem.
Anxiety makes me feel like im going crazy
I think I get anxiety.
Looking for a little advice on new meds and possible side effects
Conversational Hypnosis Video Training Crash Course
Book recommendations
Making a documentary about having a anxiety disorder
I am realizing that my dog contributes to my anxiety.
anyone have any tips about waking up in middle of night with anxiety?
I didnt know where to post this....
Anxiety and dentists...
Work Anxiety
Is there a difference between an anxiety disorder and just having intense anxiety?
Does anyone actually enjoy what they do?
Is therapy not working for me, or am I impatient?
I am having a lot of anxiety and depression feelings while in university
Do you ever feel like you start seeing shit in the dark?
I want someone who I can talk my everything.
Done w/ 1/2 of College and Need a New Plan Anxiety (CW: Suicide)
I crave alcohol during my anxiety attacks and I don’t know what to do.
Mom has it too well that's fantastic.
Anyone staying up?
My doctor switched my meds. Should i be worried about this side effect?
Trazedone side effects anxiety
My new doctor thinks I’m drug-seeking. I’m not and never have. What to do?
Can't seem to handle working with others
Depersonalization
Does pot help anxiety?
Question about hydroxyzine
Anxiety circle
How to solve this dilemma?
DAE get really excited for plans they’ve made then bail at the last possible minute?
Sick of myself
Woohoooo! Gotta love panic!
Weirdest fear?
[deleted by user]
Safe place in me
SHARP CHEST PAIN FROM ANXIETY?
Today is the start of my hell month
New job, new boyfriend, new house, new anxieties
Care for anxiety
Reddit account was stalked, deleted it out of fear and anxiety.
I hate my life right now.
I wish I could talk to people :(
I feel utterly sick now that report cards are out. My first C. I’m going to die. Why am I so unintelligent.
Possible anxiety?
What can I do about my recent onset of excessive blushing over every little thing?
Wtf do I do about school
While I had GAD (without knowing it), I felt that I experienced the world through thoughts with no sensory experience.
Mixed feelings: first psychiatrist appointment
Feel sick when I eat around people I don't know
I've had debilitating chronic pain for over a decade that is finally decreasing - the better my health gets, the more anxiety I am feeling.
Does anyone have experience with delayed anxiety attacks?
I had to sell pretzels.
Weighted blanket opinions
Relationship Anxiety
Financial Anxiety
Book recommendations for my boyfriend who has never dealt with someone with anxiety before?
Suggestions for therapy?
Husband facing problems at work, it's making my anxiety get to me.
Lexapro
Does Anyone else bring on really bad anxiety by just thinking of or someone mentioning anxiety? or is that just me?
Acceptance
At what point is it agoraphobia?
Going on a field trip at my work
How did you feel on Trintellix? Heart rate?
Severe Performance Anxiety
Scared af
I'm online-stalking my crush less and successfully abstaining more :)
When I'm the only one up or home alone I put on my favorite youtubers for background noise. But occasionally I put on something that just makes my anxiety work. For example, now. Reassurance please. (Nothing serious)
When is all this gonna end
Does anyone have anxiety after eating? How do you deal with it?
I feel myself slipping from my anxiety into depression (common cycle for me) and I don't know how to stop it. What can I do to stop it from getting worse?
Need quick help facing a debt phone call
Had anyone been subscribed qutiapine or seroquel after long term drug use? Was it helpful? I have saver anxiety
Ashwagandha
Anyone else have boundless/unlimited energy thanks to anxiety?
How to prevent those panic attacks that keep you awake at night
Medication help
Well I think I have anxiety...
Struggling to not have feelings for a friend
I wanted to share some progress :)
Does anyone have tips for making phone calls?
The stress caused by an embarrassing health condition and its impact on college and baseball is becoming overwhelming. Unable to relax and hair is falling out at a faster rate
Xanax tolerance
I dont know how to love or accept my self as i am right now.
Fuck American Horror Story!!
Just started on Prozac, anything I should know?
Are these things that happen to me a result of anxiety?
Just started Cymbalta and have trouble sleeping now. Does this side effect wear off?
Waking up anxious
Level: Call from school
Advice for dealing with anxiety when ur a guy and 6ft8"
What to do when there’s no one to talk to?
Having a mental breakdown
I literally can’t breathe properly anymore
Mental Games
My anxiety increases exponentially whenever I’m not in a relationship
I get worried all the time about things that can go wrong, even if those things are very unlikely to happen.
I was doing so good
The Urge
A month after my breakup with my girlfriend (who has anxiety and depression) I'm still torn up about it and would like some new viewpoints
Good alternatives to Xanax, Propranolol ?
Has anyone went from meds to just therapy?
I just started getting bad joint pains. Anyone else have frequent popping and pain in their joints?
I need help finding what a good anxiety med would be good for me.
Anyone here that's a psychologist/licensed mental health counselor or going to school to become one while also having anxiety?
Anxiety vent and help
MASSIVE anxiety over username?
Sertraline 50mg
How to deal with chest pains and palpitations?
Panic disorder/panic attacks give us fake fears that we don't need to overcome to fully recover
Every time i walk it looks like I'm going side to side. Its been annoying me for so long. Does anyone else deal with this? How don you deal with it?
Zoloft 50mg
The worst part for me
Anxiety about being alone
Anxiety help
Everyone who barely can work more than 2-3 hours a day, how do you survive in this world, do you have a job, what kind?
Anxiety situation scenario. What would you do?
I think I finally figured it out, but where do I go from here?
Vent/rant
Finally got a job, but now anxious about employment verification
Do we project our limited beliefs onto others as their own words?
I started crying in class today because I couldn't understand my professor's explanation of standard deviation... Sigh...
In Need of Wise Words
Please help a wildland firefighter
Worried about the future
My son's anxiety is increasing my own, beyond my ability to cope.
My fight with health Anxiety and coping with it
Want to quit smoking and get paid for it?
Crippling nostalgia and disgust with my current life
Off my chest
Thinking of switching from Zoloft to Lexapro, but terrified about Zoloft withdrawal
Screaming internally
Root cause of my social anxiety
Worth getting medication for anxiety?
Finally talked to my professors about my anxiety and holy shit why didn't I do this before?
How do I convince myself it’s all fantasy
Anxiety and a date
Not ready for a "real job"?
I've been on medication for two months now. I don't feel any happier.
Cop made me feel like shit (small rant)
If you could change one thing about your SO, what would it be?
Avoidant anxiety?
Sexted with a stranger and now I feel mortified and embarrassed about it
DAE feel it in there bones just flowing through your body from the moment you wake up ?
something like ptsd when you go to work?
Being in a quiet classroom gives me anxiety?
I get massive anxiety when I hear my mom or dad coming home.
How to get back in touch with a client I dropped the ball on over 6 months ago?
Feeling of falling at bedtime
What should I do to manage by anxiety. Slowly becoming uncontrolled and needing to take benzos.
Fidget Toys Aren't Just For Kids
Anxiety flares up in Public - Advice on what to say to my GP who I'm seeing in just over an hour.
accidentally dialed 999
2 months anxiety-free and now it's trying to knock down my door again
Crafting to stave off anxiety
Anyone else angry at people who think they have a mental illness
Workplace pushing me to work Saturdays? Help
Bus
I have some strange gut feeling that everyone in my class hates me, and the upcoming school events involve performing in a mall.
Does anyone has increased sense of justice/fairness along with anxiety??
Anyone else feel like they lost their personality
Lost in worry & dread when I know deep down all problems are transient.
Tired of these fears.
my mom left me and it's made me so anxious I can barely function
Do I need to talk to my doctor about my anxiety and potential depression.
Feels like I'm going nowhere
Anxiety worse on Zoloft?
I thought this chest pain was anxiety but now I'm not so sure?
Yesterday was hard
I feel like I’m loosing my mind.
Paranoid
I’m seeing a therapist for the first time tonight...
What makes me all of those? Being the nice guy? I fucking hate my self like this. I hate being all of these but i dont know how to fix it.
Does math give anyone else anxiety?
Anxiety accompanied with emptiness.
Nocturnal panic attack?
Working out.
I develop anxiety in every job I get.
Need advice: working hard, but still need to get better grades
My anxiety/fear is becoming too much for me, and I think I'm close to giving up.
Did I just have a panic/anxiety attack. Never had one before. M, 19.
I'm lost.
Transformative Fruit
Overcoming Anxiety is a bit like Groundhog Day.
Depression and anxiety fighting for dominance
This is what anxiety is to me. Trapped in my own mind. I wish this would stop.
Struggling with Anxiety, Depression, Panic Attacks? Click here. Let’s support one another
A little wow moment I had yesterday in my understanding of anxiety, wanted to share
A sketch of what if feels like to have anxiety
idk
Staying up all night
DD
Keep calling people by the wrong names
I feel like my friends are only herw to just tolerate me rather than like me.
What are some recurring nightmares that you have?
Shortness of breath
I'm in the middle of my first panic attack in two years. I think i just need some support.
Anxiety back after illness
Anyone’s anxiety come back after ill ess?
I've been lying to my doctor about my debilitating anxiety for months.
Treating generalized anxiety from childhood abuse
Buspar made my anxiety worse? Pls share your experience!
I’m paranoid and think about past conversations. I feel like they are about to get me.
Does anyone else forget how to breath?
No one understands
Separation Anxiety w/ Bf
Feeling like garbage
Panic & jobs
i feel ocstracised
I feel like I'm going insane.
I am not consciously anxoius but my subconscious anxiety (abiut literally nothing) causes muscle cramps
I want to quit Clonazepam, and ask doctor about other possibilities.
Interacting is so intensely draining to me and the only way to shut off is to sleep
Anxiety and music
Any help with CBD oil?
Therapist said he saw significant progress in me today.
I vent to a fake Facebook account.
Not sure if this is gaslighting or anxiety has led me to believe that it is and I'm just playing victim.
Does anyone else have more anxiety about what could have happened instead of what will or has happened?
An Unusual Request
I’ve decided to lift everyone’s day with the anxious tendency of mine I’ve chosen to laugh at instead of be annoyed at!
Hey, r/anxiety!
Phobia symptoms when thinking about my job?
I’m scared of taking Zoloft (sertraline)
Paranoid at work
Therapy made my anxiety worse... is there anything else I can do to try and help myself??
I got my license!
I’m going to the ******* dentist tomorrow
Missing a dosage
Severe anxiety attack
Anyone else get anxious before a trip?
Can’t stop thinking
Feeling like there is only relief in death
Anxiety in pregnancy even though I'm doing everything the doctor said.
Dose anyone ever feel like what they’re anxious about or what is trigger their anxiety isn’t as important or even real??
Nervous about new meds
Looking for "anxiety buddies" that I can chat with daily!
Can anxiety drive someone insane?
stop anxiety attacks on a bus?
Struggling with having a lot of free time.
My anxiety ruins sex - not the act of it, but worrying about getting pregnant
Going to talk to my doctor for the first time
I literally can’t eat alone in public
The smell of weed makes me super anxious, and I live in Canada
just a place to vent.
Anyone use kratom?
I’ve quit my job and school
Anxiety and loss of bladder and bowel control?
Anxious wreck (beginner to dating), what should I do? How do I avoid furthering any damage
Feeling like everyone is mad at me all the time
[deleted by user]
I'm sad and depressed
I can't do anything
Does anybody else get anxiety about going to sleep?
Can I go to urgent care?
Feeling abandoned when friends dont answer phone calls
Supplement trust and dependance anxiety ?
Im so anxious, I need advice
Anxious because of first job & other things (GAD)
I just don't have a "thick skin". Why should I?
Anxiety is a toxic friend.
Does anyone else get triggered by seemingly innocuous things?
You will never be loved. You will never succeed. You will always be like this. You will never be happy. You will never overcome your anxiety. You can't do that presentation. You can't do that job interview. You won't pass your driving test. You will fail.
Beta blockers/propanolol do not work or help against my nervous sweating
Applied and got my first “proper” job
I can’t stop being pathetic
Neighbors dog making my anxiety worss
Anxiety over going to see a school counselor
My work anxiety is getting worse
Been highly anxious for about a month straight and don’t know how to calm down
Anxiety getting worse..
I can't sleep.
Migraine and anxiety link?
Post 2. How to get rid of the anxiety.
Struggling to participate in group projects (or in anything for that matter)
Lurker of this sub’s intro and experiences
Today I was diagnosed with social anxiety disorder
Does anyone else feel like their work load changes in size depending on how stressed you are?
Please help me. I don’t know what to do (Kinda long read, sorry)
Speeding ticket anxiety
Have you ever felt like people in public are afraid of you or think you're up to no good?
Selling my house - winter is coming
My little sister passed on Sunday and my anxiety has never been worse. I was having bad anxiety already because I got laid off a month ago. How do I cope?
How to I ask my doctor for a benzodiazepine without looking like a drug-seeking patient?
Does anyone else have "workplace anxiety?"
Anxiety is not letting me do anything. Can i ask my doctor to a medicine like xanax to help?
Things that have cured the anxiety. Post 1
I waited in my car to avoid someone and almost missed class
Have to get bloodwork to test for hypertension. The problem is I have to fast before the bloodwork which makes me fear that I might faint.
Chemical Imbalance Theory False - ???
DAE get debilitating migraines due to anxiety?
It's hard to discern if my concern is legit or a product of my anxiety.
Help with Relationship Insecurities and Anxiety
I have tried countless types of drugs for my anxiety and the only one that helps is a benzo, my doctor will not give me anymore. Advice?
Does anyone have positive experiences moving from an SSRI like Citalopram to CBD pills?
Anxiety over having to cancel on someone.
I stood up for myself. Now, I do not want to go to class. Instead of paying attention, I am always on my laptop.
I am having an panic attack at work
Anyone else have trust issues along with having anxiety?
How to stop "deep thought & mental health" anxiety?
I am so over feeling like this
Was Diagnosed As A Kid, Now Problems As An Adult
A few tips on academic writing and anxiety
Fixed it
Idk how to control my anxiety attacks and I keep getting them in school
Does anyone have experience of missing a period or having a super late period because of anxiety ?
I don’t want to be around other people
Fixed it.
Erection Issues on Anxiety
I just feel terrible
How to meet a date with social anxiety?
What do you guys do for a living?
I am so proud!
My Wife Has Anxiety... (Update)
Living in a university dorm is making my life a living hell.
New job, high anxiety
A nice surprise
What options do I have?
Clonazepam addiction
EVERBODY CALM DOWN!
That's me 100%
How to start loving my self more and be confident and assertive? And be a clevar successful guy?
Health and Anxiety
Does pretending that you know absolutely nothing about a subject, or, telling people that you're dumb help lower artificial barriers to communication?
More Than GAD
Are there any placebo pills I can take?
A little victory in playing my instrument
Any one else get numbness and tingling alot? In head and chest hope I'm not only one.
(27 F) I can’t sleep at night because I’m scared of an intruder.
I have a Dr. appointment today
GAD testing accommodations be like
I hate that my anxiety doesn’t let me compartmentalize.
Pit in my stomach that won't go away
Can’t tell if I want to end it with my bf or if it’s just anxiety talking — has anyone else felt like this before?
Please help
I would rather die than be in this class right now.
Can't tell if I have anxiety or I'm just a really awkward person
Beating Anxiety from time to time: I no longer bite my nails
Gratitude
I was verbally attacked by a crazy man
Feel like I'm going backwards
Weird phenomenon that I constantly get
Woke up with that feeling in my chest, advice appreciated
Had an anxiety attack during the night, couldn’t sleep, and now the sun’s already up and my sleep schedule is screwed again.
Anxiety and fear of flying.
The mind is so powerful
Shortness of breath
Anxiety linked to hunger moods?
Lollipops
Started college life, cannot control sweating!
Woken up out of a deep sleep by the postman and had to left heavy parcels that weren't mine now I'm having an anxiety attack at 10am thinking my thumb is damaged.
I have a fear of heights and got asked to skydive off a plane....
[deleted by user]
How to wean off Xanax?
Comfort “blanket” (person)
Why do people always treat me seriously? (anxious about people treatment towards me)
Can someone give me quick honest advice via pm?
Finally proved it!
Indoors.. At 42 days old already.
Does anybody else fantasize about being murdered?
Do any of you guys ever work yourself up into a panic type state all by yourself. And by this I mean outer things occurred and made me upset. But I totally over blew things out of proportion and know this as the panic sets in. It was heavy for 10 min and then like always it passes too
I feel literally naked in public
Climate climate climate
What do your panic attacks feel like? How long do they last?
Has anyone ever tried the app Wakie?
Thoughts keep me from sleeping longer than 4 hours at a time, and I can't go back to sleep, help!
I Hate When I Get Downvoted Even If I Don't Care...
Getting Blood Work Tomorrow
Unable to forgive myself for mistakes I make in public
depression, anxiety, social anxiety, OCD and i overthink everything...
Does anyone else deal with Astraphobia? What are some of your habits during a storm?
Help Understanding Whats Wrong With Me
Anxiety in the military
Anyone tried Wellbutrin?
Medication maybe?
After I eat it's hard to breathe and I feel shaky
What should I do?!?!?!
DAE hate being touched?
Random panic attacks
It's harder for me to breathe in my room with the door closed
Anxiety about health
Dating is so scary to me. My anxiety’s made me not put myself out there much. I’m on tinder and am meeting up with a girl and I’m just awkward and nervous and don’t have much game..girls are terrifying to me at first any advice from fellow anxiety sufferers?
Boyfriend moving overseas
Boyfriend and parents no longer have cell phones
Had a panic attack this morning and refused to go to school
If you are in need of a coping method to help calm you down, “feather-breathing” helped me a lot!
Guilt and anxiety never go away
On the verge of an anxiety attack right now
I messed up at work and I’m not sure where to go from here
Bumped into a car (twice), panicked and didn't leave a note. Now I don't know what to do with myself.
Frustrated/dreadful for no reason?
Does anyone else have constant feelings of embarrassment?
The Biggest Problem With Anxiety is that It's Hard to Tell When Problems You're Having is ACTUALLY Caused by Anxiety
YouTube is down! I'm worried every YouTube video will be deleted. Legitimate panicking now.
Sent an email to my teacher about my anxiety
Dear Anxiety,
Anxious about texting someone I haven't talked to in four months - I want to do it so badly but can't
Broke and stressed.
[deleted by user]
Anyone here with social anxiety that causes them to have difficulty speaking?
DAE think people are really commenting on your behavior when they talk badly about someone else?
When I'm stressed I get really horny and want to be fucked really hard to numb the stress
How to find a therapist
CBD oil
Fear of Doctors
I'm losing my job
Victory at work
Where do I belong?
I just posted some of my work on r/DestructiveReaders and messed up the submitting process twice I'm so fucking incapable of doing even the most basic things.
Lingering feeling
I get really bad imposter syndrome
Has anyone tried Propranolol for frequent generalized anxiety?
Fun-employment
I recently have noticed that a lot of my anxiety revolves around commitments and I’m curious if anyone has any experience as to what to do?
Little story about myself+ wanting to skip class tomorrow...
Chest pain
Started New Medication today... Couldn't have Gotten more Tangible Proof at my increase in Calmness.
Anxiety about my health is ruining my life.
Exhausted. Over it. Cuss words. Whatever
I cant stop worrying
I was mistaken
Nothing Makes Me Feel Worse Than School
It's not that difficult, then why am I like this?
Starting medication and therapy
It is better to have a panic attack at the end of the day than at the start.
Sinking back into an unhealthy sleeping pattern- any tips for getting to sleep?
I feel overbearing stress up to the point of tearing up every day
Anybody have trouble eating with anxiety?
Anxiety + Dizziness/ Vertigo
how can i get over my fear of the gym?
Can Xanax be taken "as needed"?
Social Anxiety (UK)
Anxious about supervision today at work
Propranolol
Why me?
Anxiety @7/10
Are you ready for relief from anxiety ?
Making an Appointment, Need Support
I know I need help..I just need help as to how to start looking for it.
I had a panic attack last Monday and have been in a terrible state ever since
GAD consistent headaches/upper back and neck tension
Anxiety symptoms without actually feeling anxious?
How to take a rest without wigging out
Bad Body Language?
Job searching is the worst
Anyone switched from SSRI to SNRI? How did you experience it?
I have phone anxiety. I can't call someone, even its ordering food, or calling customer service. I rather just email or not do it. How can I help this.
I'm stuck and I don't know what to do. Do I quit my job or is it just my anxiety kicking in?
How to control tremors while anxious?
Advice from an experienced anxious person?
Tips on managing anxiety?
Mind is always going top-speed, from when I wake up until I fall asleep - what do you do about it?
Quitting a job
I’mmmm baaacckkkk
I’m about to start taking 2mg of abilify
Anxiety before sex
i had an anxiety attack at the strip club.
Feelings of impending doom?
Anxiety over childbirth/becoming a new mom
Prescribed an antidepressant for General/Social anxiety and persistent depressive disorder
Help with relationship insecurities
Need to get over my bad year..
Need to get over my bad year..
Love stopped all of a sudden
Mixed felling on medication
I did it!
Coping mechanisms for public breakdowns?
What is the most unusual fear that you have ?
CBT Update
Inching closer to defeating that voice in my head
Anxious about working.
Does anyone with anxiety get "stuck" not knowing what they should be doing?
Health Issues
i am crushed and i need to get this off my chest
First Tattoo--Calling All People with Clinical Anxiety and Tattoos
The anxiety which comes from not being able to access an emotional state appropriate for the behaviour being attempted
I can't do it anymore!
Any tips on alleviating nausea from anxiety that DON’T involve breathing exercises or prescriptions?
[Needs a hug/support] Absolute terror at alarms is ruling my life
Dentist appointment today...
I practised being late this morning. No catastrophes resulted.
Phenibut and Kratom are the only things that help.
Today I managed to somehow convince myself to face the reality of only having years left to live. Does anybody else experience something similar?
How I instantly calm down my trembling...
Does anyone else have problems feeling like people think you think you're better than them?
Art project
Is anyone else experiencing these symptoms?
My Wife Has Anxiety And I Just Need Somewhere To Post This (Long)
Skipping class bc of anxiety
Is it true that anxiety can't be cured? People say you can learn to deal with it but I still hope that it won't be part of my life In years to come
So Im speaking to this girl who I have liked and pursued for a while, we’ve been on a few dates and we have one Saturday, this is the most I’ve liked someone since my abusive ex, but I keep going in to self destruct mode and doubting she likes me for no reason, does this happen to others? Any help?
Caffeine is the Worst
is this anxiety?
So I sort of get an anxiety rush when my girlfriend posts on social media
Dealing with a "Generalized Anxiety Disorder" with strong impact on my physical health.
Watch this if your about to give up | Life saver | Motivational story
Personality Disorders 18+ Discord chat room | An active community of mentally ill people. Limited shitposting. Not a safe space. Controversial topics and expression are welcome with few limits.
Anxiety goes away on holiday
Going to the dr. today
I just hung up during an unexpected interview for a company I applied for.
Bad memory and anxiety?
Would I be better off with a benzodiazepine or SSRI and which one would you recommend?
Has anyone else put on weight, after taking Effexor?
Going to work with depression and anxiety
Constant nervous feeling in my stomach. I'm worried I've developed anxiety
Constant nervous feeling in my stomach. I'm worried I've developed an anxiety
Instant anxiety relief
In response to an r/askreddit question: "What's one weird existential thought that frequently pops into your head?"
Why do I have to sit hit and assure myself that it’s okay to go make some toast while my housemate is in the kitchen
Can't sleep, making lists
Waking up in the night due to panic attacks
I wrote this 4 minute read based on my 3-year journey with Anxiety. Might be helpful to one or two people.
Do you think is it possible to DECIDE not to be anxious?
Anxiety from guests staying overnight and getting motivated again?
Anxiety about sex and sexuality
Feel like I'm acting rude
At what point of dealing with anxiety and Depression is it ok to call out of work?
How do you guys cope with individual feelings of anxiety that you can do nothing about?
Social anxiety came after my breakup
Anxiety around groups of new people
Anxiety came back after my break up
Just started paxil, super duper sleepy/tired does it ever go away
I Can’t Stop Putting False Scenarios In My Head
The fear of being sick is consuming my life..
Anyone Else "Self-Vents"?
People who had to cut caffeine, sugar and alcohol for anxiety. What do you eat/drink to comfort you?
Anxiety over what people are really like
Anyone else get sad over anxiety not being curable?
I don't have any problems with social situations, but I find myself tightened up and unrelaxed for no reason pretty much all day. I also experience bowel issues and dry mouth, is this anxiety?
Help with telling boyfriend about anxiety when he asked for space
Anxiety with busy schedule
What's going on!?
I really need to make a mental day off.
I Feel Like I'm Terrible at Conversation
Severe anxiety from plane noise. Help :(
I'm too anxious to drive?
Ignoring people who care about you?
Student: feel like I can’t breathe
When I text my husband about my day while he’s at work and he doesn’t respond right away even though I can see he’s read the messages:
When I text my husband about my day while he’s at work and I don’t get a reply right away even though I can see he’s read my messages:
I read about people that "cured their depression". Has anyone ever been cured of their anxiety or is this just something you learn to live with?
My girlfriend has been having panic attacks related to school stress and social stress. How can I help?
Books on anxiety that you have found useful
in middle of long drive back home i'm scared i can't finish
Extreme anxiety from posting anything on social media.
How do you channel your stress and anxiety into something positive?
My anxious triggered by different things in my life: school, work, friends, family, relationship. When I get especially anxious I start to feel like I’m not good enough for my girlfriend and start to become paranoid that I’m going to lose her to some random guy in her life or even just a random guy.
Social Anxiety is leading to avoidance
FLIGHT ANXIETY/FLIGHT PHOBIA CURE
Does anyone's mind/brain ever go 'blank' or feel really weird?
Hypochondria
Why?
Um I need help w anxious thoughts about the girl i like who happens to be a really close friend
Are there any podcasts to help combat anxiety and depression?
Does anyone put studying/assignments off due to anxiety?
So I went to the dentist today
Success stories using medicine.
Lexapro side effect?
My girlfriend has been taking my anxious episodes personally and am worried she will break up with me tomorrow
I need help with being more supportive when my partner feels anxious.
I [20F] get panic attacks during presentations, but have one coming up that’s worth 50% of my grade.
My anxiety caused me to ruin my admission to uni next semester
Random bouts of nervousness.
Speech block stops me from getting a job
My body wants to make sure I notice how anxious I am.
Made a mistake at work. Went spiraling into Anxiety and suicidal thoughts.
Ativan before an exam
Anxiety vs. Excitement
Bad Physical Anxiety - on and off (Also underlying hypochondria, and generalized anxiety)
Extreme fear of dying / going crazy with NO other symptoms
After my meltdown this weekend I am having the anxiety hangover of a lifetime and can’t help but think I’ve destroyed my relationship!
Struggle to drift off because my brain starts coming up with a ‘to do’ list.
We Hate Packing vent thread!
Should I move to Australia
Is this normal on meds or has anybody felt similar?
Interoception: I’ve always been very aware of my heartbeat. I thought this meant I had a heart problem... until I learned about this. What a relief.
Currently too scared to leave the house
Nervous but excited
A good thing made my anxiety spike
So I called my crush today...
Is anyone else most affected by their anxiety in the evening and at night?
Being anxious and sad all the time is so exhausting
I made this channel to reach out. Please share. Tell me about what you're going through and what topics you would like me to cover. Thank you all!
Constant Sense of Unending Dread
Do you smile at people staring at you / checking you out?
There's this girl I like who has really bad anxiety...
Life is so full of things to do and it makes me anxious instead of happy
Sweaty hands around a people due to anxiety
Recently diagnosed with anxiety
How to get over death anxiety?
I just don't know where to turn
Crippling anxiety has returned since quitting medication
it gets to a point where you’re annoying. now i’m worried and annoyed.
Life was getting to me so I changed it. I now spend my weeks in beautiful places like this that bring me peace and avoid the unpleasant whenever I can.
I cured myself of AvPD (a severe social anxiety disorder) and wrote a book about it, which you can have for free. AMA!
Nearly 30 years old and I haven’t really made any progress in dealing with anxiety
Just graduated from college and losing hope.
Dog destroyed my computer, I can't afford to replace it. Now I'm anxious about money, finishing college, etc.
Dude with ADHD thinks he has also had GAD from day 1
Looking for some reassurance
How do you feel at home when your whole life is upturned?
Got asked out and Anxiety kicked in :(
14 Year old boy dealing with anxiety at school.
I need guidance
Has anyone had an anxiety or panic attack during a final exam?
Health Anxiety
Well it Finally Happened - What Now?
Hate for no reason
Today I realized I've been depressed all my life.
Anxiety feels like it is stationary
Its not fair
Long term exercise causes anxiety, insomnia etc
14 Things Dogs Can Teach Us About Living More Relaxed & Carefree
Is there that one person at work who is the bane of your existence? Who throws you off whenever you have to interact with them?
How do I deal with crippling anxiety?
First post here, not looking for much, just need someone too listen and whatever advice you feel would help.
Struggling a bit more than usual today
We're trying to get it under control, but my fiance and I are caught in a spiral.
Screwed up two public presentations in a row. Can't stop feeling anxious about my next...
ativan withdrawal? Insomnia again.
I don’t know what to do anymore
Currently experiencing a flare up and it's hard right now.
I'm employed and have secretly applied for another job and the anxiety is consuming me.
When I'm not anxious, I always underestimate how bad anxiety feels.
Roommates anxiety
Caffine make anxiety worse.
So Anxious About Going Back to Work/or School
First Time Having Bad Anxiety
Finally it all makes sense, I have anxiety.
Haven't been able to be in the moment for months.
DAE have anxiety over blood work results?
When overthinking something what do you tell yourself, and how do you endure the mental warfare you are going through?
How to cope with leaving home again for a long time?
Burnout and GAD/MDD
Coping with social media
Sympathy
Pretty much constant anxiety this morning. Can't get rid of it. No one to talk too.
Pay-what-you-can online course about how to reduce physical symptoms of anxiety
Anxiety making me wretch until sick.
Does anyone else get terribly anxious when sleep deprived?
How do you meet/talk with people?
Citalopram
The 9 Factors Sustaining Your Generalized Anxiety Disorder (and how to get rid of them)
What is happiness?
The deepest relief is when you finish a job interview
Social gatherings
I am terrified of graduating with a bad cgpa from university.
Work Anxiety
The downward spiral
bf’s 1st therapy session is this evening - how do i support him?
Should I skip my first period class tomorrow?
Feeling stuck
Tips for sleeplessness?
Anyone available to talk to? Just need to talk to someone about work
I keep messing up friendships by assuming I always annoy them
Advice/help needed, wasted my chances
I stepped out, but I regret it.
My university just had fall break
I am worried about my future.
Feeling like a burden.
Documentaries
Is it normal to hold your breath when walking through a crowd of people when you have social anxiety?
I'm treading water...
This society has fucked my anxiety up the ass (in the bad way)
Fear of seizure. Panicking, need support
I’m lost
I’m losing my mind.
[deleted by user]
Have you tried to meditate in order to reduce your anxiety?
Anticipatory anxiety is really destroying my life, or atleast I'm letting it destroying it
I am terrified of men
Anxiety or Just Lazy
Looking for a reality check...
Hiccups?
I’ve decided today that I’m going to accept my scary thoughts instead of living in fear of them as a way of not letting them rule my life.
Anyone else find themselves screaming alone in a car after something?
Panic attacks during work!
The wait is killing me.
Waiting for my convocation ceremony to begin. I'm having a panic attack which I'm until now subsiding. The trigger are old classmates with whom i had a huge falling out with and no friends to be with at the ceremony. Just need some reassurance
Terrified of the barber
Started my ADHD meds yesterday
Need advice on self-diagnosis.
General anxiety about life
Anxiety around what today is or what time is it.
i'm a first-year graduate student starting a column about mental health/illness for the city's most popular news source.
First Anxiety Attack
Problems with "talking back" to my anxiety?
I’m an adult still terrified of the dark.
Rewire your anxious brain book - It's great
It's Halloween season, and that means scary ads.
OVERTHINKING and i need advice
Buspar
Anyone else get incredibly anxious when taking a new medicine/vitamin?
How do I get over the fact that I cant actually control/influence the future?
This Is What A Panic Attack Feels Like
My Face Has Gone Nuts
Is this related to anxiety or something different?
Want to take my partner on business trip WWYD?
My friend wants to come visit me
Hired Person off CL To Help Me Move and I Need Help Relaxing
I have to make a difficult decision and it's torturing me. How do you all do it?
The thought of dating makes me have a panic attack...what do I do?
After 30 years of feeling shitty I was informed my family has a serious issue with Anxiety
Anxiety and cognitive impairment
Rough days and in need of advice.
Can I just talk to somebody
Can someone help me cope?
Unreasonable anxiety over getting sick?
I'm exhausted and I know it.
DAE know that their anxiety is going to act up that day when you wake up?
Does anyone else blush for no reason?
Where am I going?
The pressure to know how I feel romantically about someone causes me anxiety
Is irritability a symptom of anxiety too?
Feeling sad sometimes when out with friends
Health Anxiety is ruining my life and I don't know what to do.
Health Issues related to Anxiety?
I always tell my family this is what I feel like when I’m just about to have a panic attack lol can anyone else relate? I just freeze and don’t know what to do and then I’ll freak out.
Need help/advice?
7 Top Aromas for Depression and Anxiety, Aromatherapy
Shit!
Avoid getting anxiety about work on your rest days?
Question..
Got a tattoo to help with my anxiety/depression. From one of my favourite songs. Something to help me on the days i struggle. What does everyone think?
Anxiety nightmares almost every night
Does anyone else get anxiety from being jealous?
I have to take off work, to interview for another job, and the anxiety is eating me alive.
Hearing what age people do sex and what “kinks” they do gives me the worst anxiety (I’m a virgin)
Advice for someone who has rarely used medication for anxiety/panic attacks
Anxiety as a feeling.
Anxiety with people who don't understand mental illness
I went into the Apple store today!
I feel lost & need help
Brain Fog - Buspirone(Buspar) and/or Bupropion(Wellbutrin)?
Traveling for work, taking the husband, MIL watching the kids. Pray for me.
Is this relatable for anyone else?
Question For My Fellow Hypochondriacs?
My crippling anxiety is getting worse?
Dissociate since Close relative died and it feels like I’m not allowing my self to accept it.
Break up is still affecting me
Death anxiety
Having a hard time with photography assignment
Кто годится на все, ни на что не годится.
Unusual digestion issues--anxiety-related?
Breakup and being alone = the worst feeling ever
Daily sleep paralysis
Magnesium and anxiety
how does small amounts of coffee make you fucks feel?
Does anybody get upset if they are going to be late?
Gasping for air when I am about to fall asleep
Is L-Tyrosine too stimulating for someone with anxiety?
Does anyone else freak out in one to one conversations?
Found my trigger.
Gabapentin Thoughts?
Feeling extremely hopeless, panic attacks daily
some advice and motivation :D
I can't feel at ease, everything makes me anxious since moving to college
Dr William Walsh - The 5 Bio-types of Depression
A tough road
Anxiety Setback after an Injury at Work
You are bigger than your anxiety...
Nightly Panic Attacks
Lil bit of motivation :D and possible advice
Does anyone else hate having people come over?
I think I’ve been left out of Halloween plans
Seeing a doctor about anxiety
[deleted by user]
Had a bad panic attack this morning, forced myself to focus on this, it kinda helped. Anyone else use adult colouring books for anxiety?
Am I wrong to still be anxious from this and how do I move forward?
Anybody else have weird jaw feelings?
Anyone else take Buspirone and get dizzy for about 15 minutes soon after you take it?
i dont know whats wrong with me.
I need a hug, anxiety has been screwing me.
Am seriously anxious about the unlikely possibility that my SO might be pregnant, am walking in circles and sweating.
Freaking out over blood test
I have anxiety about my girlfriend.
My mum is coming to meet us this new year. I'm excited and equally nervous
What do you guys think of my music?
First Impressions Is Last Impressions Learn How To Avoid BAD First Impressions
I feel like I am about to snap
Weather-related anxiety & some thoughts on Stoicism
What positives has anxiety brought into your life?
I think medication is killing me
Drugs won’t help
I hate when people ask me what music I listen too
Highly anxious. What can I do about it? Also, does anyone feel like a great deal of anxiety comes from a foggy head?
How do a trust someone to be your therapist?
How to not go nuts at home all the time
I feel like I’ve moved on from my ex but the anxiety is still there
When I think about that i'm still alive, my thoughts instantly turn to how i'm going to die
Had an auditory hallucination this morning (help)
Dealing with constantly reviving bad old memories
Woken up feeling anxious
Is my anxiety real?
anxiety causes muscle tension, scalp tension, hair loss
Playing the Victim, or am I justified?
Medication for immediate, temporary relief?
I quit my job
Advice on a friendship
Recurring dreams?
Anxiety got the best of me this weekend.
Does anyone else get anxious reading this subreddit?
Anxiety or low blood sugar?
Trouble sleeping, maybe look into therapy?
I am the epitome of what social media does to your brain
I’m getting better..... I think?
Anxiety about special meal at restaurant
Feeling embarrassed after I had a meltdown with my boyfriend after a very nice date night
Do weighted blankets make you feel trapped or do they help?
How do you feel about iron-on patches warning your anxiety?
Jobs that don't mess with anxiety.
Anxiety dreams
When should I ask my counselor about other options?
Heart burns me every time I fall asleep - need help
Advice on coping with social anxiety while trying to be a good parent..?
I don’t know what’s going on in my mind. I’m panicking.
My anxiety is making me scared I have rabies.
Had an anxiety attack that felt like I just did a high intensity workout. Thanks for the workout I guess.
Do you have your tonsils and adenoids?
I think I am going insane
Anxiety medication?
I have always used humor and been overly outgoing in social situations as a cover for how terribly anxious I feel around people. How do you personally stop the feeling that your acting as a character as a shield for anxiety and just relax and be yourself?
Any tips on social anxiety?
Any books suggestions on anti-anxiety?
Im an exotic looking male and people always stare at me because of it (even young children). How do I cope with this.
I'm giving up on the gym
I get really hung up on lost items. Regardless of their importance, if I can’t find something that I know should be easy to find then I can’t think about anything else until i find it.
when your anxiety goes away and having no anxiety gives you anxiety
This might sound insane...
how to cope with physical symptoms?
Do I even have panic attacks?
Just having another health anxiety meltdown
Does medication help with intellectual anxiety?
No doctor will give me benzos
Health anxiety
Aaaaaand I’m crying
Feeling too anxious to go and talk to my doctor about how I'm feeling anxious
[deleted by user]
Describe panic attacks to a person who's never had them with a single sentence
Nauseous??
Could it be OCD?
Alone. (Also posted in r/depression)
Does having anxiety make me selfish/narcissistic?
If you feel depressed or anxious let me know please! I'll try to help! Read below for details
Saying "thanks" too much
Recently had a breakdown because of work, not sure what to do.
Insane?
Anyone else is anxious about feeling unprepared?
Feeling incredibly anxious after girl suddenly stopped contacting me
How to keep my siblings away from my private life
Anyone have expirence with CBD or CBD/TCH?
Solar Energy Contractor Los Angeles - NRG Upgrade (free consultation)
7 day headache and face pain? I just need to know if this is normal for anxiety for my own sanity
What kind of attack is that?
I told a lie and now I am filled with paranoia and anxiety.
I felt like i had to keep swallowing my own saliva or I'll drown
Exposure Therapy + Propranalol
Excessive sleepiness
How to ask someone to be more punctual without being rude?
Ranting about my school’s terrible anxiety management
Are these tension headaches anxiety?
My anxiety flared up this week so I made a little comic to work through it.
Quitting job - sorry for the rant
Anxiety attack?
Chest is tight again. I'm fucking done.
My wife has anxiety and I don’t know how to help.
School work
My battle with anxiety.
My health anxiety hasn't been this bad before.
[x-post from r/relationships] 18 years old and my anxiety's been driving me up the wall.
Anxiety remedy steamer
Car broken into while dog/house sitting.
Health anxiety: weird vision and feeling strange.
I need an excuse to leave
Office Depot has helped save me from especially hard days
How do I get my life together?
I have a specific form of social anxiety but I don't know if there is a term for it. Anyone aware of this?
Wow thanks I’m cured
Internet anxiety - scared of being monitored but for no reason?
Hyperventilation syndrome and anxiety help please
My brother is having heart bypass surgery and I'm completely losing my mind with anxiety.
6 months of Heart Palpitations. 24/7
Hard to describe
Thank you to the woman on the crisis line for making me feel good about choosing my mental health over my job.
My therapist’s office refused me services *Update!*
I keep feeling like I'm in trouble or someone's angry at me
Anyone had life changing experience with antidepressants?
Help With Anxiety
How do I relax in a stressful environment?
My Grandma just passed away, never got around to seeing her one last time because of my anxiety/introversion/tendency to procrastinate
I have no idea what I’m doing on Reddit but I want to know if I’m being anxious over nothing.
Had a really creepy dream and I can't stop thinking about it.
First Time suffering from anxiety and need help
Therapy or anger management?
How do I stop being anxious about asking for time off from work?
Deviated Septums
Does anxiety make you selfish?
Pre-work anxiety.
Longest panic attack ever
What do you do for a living?
Getting anxiety over long distance relationship
Why You Should Not Buy the New Apple Watch: The link between health technology and anxiety
Confusion over words/sentences
Friend passed away this summer and now my anxiety is out of control
First step to change
Getting anxiety over long distance realationship
I haaaaaaaaaaaaaate my job
How bad does hernia surgery recovery hurt?
Why does coffee make me anxious but energy drinks don’t?
How to Help Girlfriend With Anxiety
How do i love my self more? How to stop looking for others to validate me and stop looking for approval ?
Can’t go to social events anymore?
[deleted by user]
Does anyone else ever feel like their thoughts turn to screaming in their head?
Have you guys/girls tried kava?
GAD and the wonders of random episodes
Intense introspection while flying
How to stop beating myself up for doing things I enjoy?
Anxiety has ruined my morning.
Panic disorder
What are your fears/triggers
Sense of dread
I'm sure I am being anxious or is it a gut feeling?
How have I made it this far without ending it all?
Nothing I do is good enough unless I see someone else doing it. Do I hate myself?
Buspirone and drinking
Cbd for social anxiety
How do I know
This sense of impending doom
Do you believe being mentally ill means being a weak person?
Anxiety as a protective shield & holding you back from your true self...
Hangxiety
It seems no matter what I do I feel guilty that I'm not doing something else.
OKAY THIS TIME IS FOR REAL!
Mental breakdown over my life
I'm freaking out about rabies.
Woke up to gunshots and I’m freaking out about it (potentially triggering)
Woke up to gunshots yesterday and my anxiety peaked. (Potentially triggering)
how to reduce fear - how to overcome nervousness
Is there anyone else that has the same problem with social anxiety?
People assume I'm on crack.
Anxiety is sabotaging my life.
Brain fog is so freaking frustrating.
How the fuck do I ignore people
WTF is wrong with me
It's okay to take time to recharge mentally.
I'm wasting my life.
Work anxiety?
Will ADs help with my symptoms?
[M16] Chest pains, is it because of anxiety?
The mother that abandoned me showed up on my doorstep tonight asking to make amends. My nerves are shot.
I did this to someone last night and I don't understand why
I’m a business student (3rd year) and I just got diagnosed with social anxiety disorder
[deleted by user]
I did this to someone last night and I don't understand why
Wellbutrin is making me want to do drugs
Finally doing something!
Always very physically uncomfortable, anyone else like this?
Where I am now
Just So Frustrated
Anxiety attack #420
I just need to vent (and maybe receive a little bit of advice)
Is there a light at the end of the tunnel?
It’s one of those days where I can’t get myself out of bed.
Wake up in the middle of sleep gasping for air and heart racing. Does anyone else have this?
Missing SSRI dose tonight. Anxious about it.
Don’t panic, write a post instead!
Well sh*t....
Fear of bunk beds, help!
Panic disorder and muscle soreness
I sent my resignation email, but I can’t go into work tomorrow.
Anxiety about being seen as unsanitary
Im scared
Dumb name for a meetup group?
Constant anxiety about pregnancy (even when i don’t have sex)?
How to I stop being so anxious around my boss?
How do you come down from an anxiety attack. Heart and brain racing with triggers all around you.
My parents know I want to die.
A reminder to anyone experiencing anxiety over a new job!
I [20/f] was emotionally abused by my ex [21/m] and 6 months on I'm still angry, what should I do?
Wife had fling M(32) F(32) Married 10 years
I forgot how old and had a panic attack when I realized I'm already 23 having really bad anxiety about time moving too fast
I have really bad cancer anxiety. Is it possible for anxiety to cause actual pain in response to my fears?
intrusive thoughts ruining my life
When you make all your friends hate you
Today's my birthday and I don't have any friends so I'm eating breakfast alone
The saddest thing about anxiety in my life.
Heartburn - how do people deal with it as a result of anxiety?
School Commences on Monday
Do you ever find yourself shaking?
Do we know why weight gain is a common side effect and is there a way to regulate it?
Cymbalta ( Duloxetine) making my anxiety worse?
Going somewhere I want to be but someone I don't want to see will be there?
my fear of abandonment makes me intensely kind, but horribly fragile
I just wish I had a name for it
Social Media Makes Me Anxious
[deleted by user]
I’ve been anxious all day. What can I do to ease the tightness in my chest and my heart going crazy?
I just sent my resignation email!
Is this normal for an anxiety attack? Or is this something else
Does anxiety can cause schizophrenia?
Been successful for the first time ever?
I am scared of old age dying and death
I don't feel well and it's making me anxious
Anxiety and worry kept me from doing it and this last weekend I got made fun of for it
I feel my boss can’t trust me anymore
Advice for dealing with weird chest sensations?
First time ranting to strangers on the internet.
One big step
How Did You Convince Yourself to Get Help?
Can an event cause an anxiety disorder?
My anxiety improved when I discovered I had gluten sensitivity
Just removed heaps of people from my life
Job Help ?
I [M18] hate my life.
I am doomed to a life of psychological suffering [indecision OCD].
Terrified of answering the phone
Burning/tingling skin on left side of body.
No friends
Calling for Collections
[Non anxiety related]Reddit skews the world a lot. Has anyone else noticed this?
Meet people my age
I hear a fire alarm that isn't there
Online counselling/support for anxiety?
Pre-work anxiety
Workplace Anxiety
Can a person be born with anxiety?
Anxiety when I think about relationships/sex
How to handle the next few days after an anxiety/panic episode?
I think I had an anxiety attack the other day
help with my friend with anxiety
How do you stop obsessing? (Health anxiety)
DAE feel like they are too privileged to suffer?
My best friend became a mass murderer. I’ve never been the same since that day.
Diagnosing Mental Health Issues, new documentary series
I feel like someone I know has been reading my posts
I want to hang with this friend but I’m also afraid of them
I almost hit someone on their bike and I'm having an anxiety attack.
After battling anxiety for ten years I'm finally starting on an SSRI today!
Nosedive 😪
DAE experience these weird depressive episodes... is it an anxiety thing or not?
Sometimes I fantasize about being diagnosed with a terminal illness.
How to Confront a Problematic Roommate With My Anxiety?
I'm proud of myself!
Any good coping skills for extremely bad anxiety?
How do you make friends when you have anxiety?
Toxic relationships
New workplace stressing the fuck out of me and I cry after every shift
I actually respond to a lot of posts on here, but end up closing the tab before submitting.
How safe am I on a plane?
Body anxiety
How do I know if I had a panic attack?
Does anyone find that anxiety makes you have nightmares way more?
Anyone else get anxiety over loved going on trips or otherwise routine things.
Why do I worry like this? Does anyone else experience this?
Best weighted blanket?
Not sure what to make of a comment my coworkers made
Beat myself up for having anxiety
Help anxiety at night when trying to go to sleep?
Not anxious today. Just paralyzing sadness for no apparent reason
I had a $354 anxiety attack last night.
A piece of my story of dealing with anxiety
What holds you back.
S/O cant go on vacation due to anxiety
A syrup causing physical anxiety ?
Visited my doctor for the first time regarding anxiety. Seemed to go well. Wondering what comes next? [UK]
Are antidepressants poison or helpful?
got this from a bro. just do it. marijuana weed
I want to go for a swim. I can't go for a swim.
Coping mechanism for trust issues?
I skipped out of exam room
DAE vision go really hazy and blurry when exercising?
Thank You
Worst case scenario happened.
It’s not the end of the world
Peak anxiety is being anxious over how you might not have anxiety
Any Mandarin Bilingual+ Anxiety Sufferers Have A Good Chinese Resource for my Wife?
Don't underestimate the power you have to control your anxiety.
Lost a work opportunity because I was too anxious to answer their call
Possibly helpful advice for sufferers of anxiety induced vertigo.
Whats worse Paxil or Effexor withdrawals?
I thought being officially diagnosed with Anxiety would end the stigma. I was wrong.
Does anyone else get panic delusions during anxiety attacks? Is there a good way to fix it?
Extreme anxiety after getting over e.coli. So confused and scared.
Did i experience a panic attack?
Any good ways to stop feeling nauses when having an attack
My Professor Gets Me and It’s Great
How do you deal with being alone during a panic attack?
Battle between head and heart.
DAE Feel Like...
Paranoid and anxious
Never had anxiety before, now I'm spiralling. Wtf is happening?
Scared
It's like I'm making things worse for myself
How to deal with cold tingly legs?
Anyone here have success using weed to help with anxiety? Or should I just stick to meds?
Increased frequency in panic attacks
I’m interested in hearing from other parents who suffer severe depression and anxiety!
Just venting now
Suffering from anxiety/vertigo w a wedding in two days
Feeling terrible..
Fear of manifestation and irrational fears?
having a bad time
Do you ever feel so depressed it feels like anxiety so you get confused about which one it is?
Second guessing, third guessing, fourth guessing..
Talk to me about cortisol
People are mocking me and it's making my anxiety unbearable
Switched medications and I’m struggling
DAE feel like people are always out to get them :(
Brain will never stop racing at night
Opinions on bupropion?
How to cope in a new city? Closest family is three hours away and don’t have any friends yet.
Just applied for a job
Today I settled for less then the best
Anyone else feel they are somewhere else
Anxiety and Pain
Anxious because I feel ugly as hell
Laptop Fan is Loud - How do I ignore this?
New to sub - what are the steps I should take to healing?
I'm not even sure what I'm doing anymore
Just life stuff.. could use some help
About to start a job I will hate because I can't interview
Super anxious 15 year old and don’t know what to do.
I am a College freshman experiencing panic attacks for the first time.
[deleted by user]
does anyone else take anti-depressants that really help your anxiety but also kind of makes things less interesting. Then smoking weed makes things much more enjoyable and fun but also makes your anxiety worse?
DAE make notes about what they're going to say before meeting friends?
The process of diagnosis, documentary on mental health
Paranoia?
Veganism cured my anxiety.
Does anyone get a gas build when they are anxious?
Do you ever feel like a bad person?
Overthinking due to unawareness
I've had massive anxiety my entire life, but now its manifesting itself in the form of butt sweat. Help.
Does anybody else just hurt all over?
Experiences with Zoloft
DAE feel like they're cursed?
Heart flutters while overseas
Is my anxiety what makes my life work?
DAE just not want to sleep?
Visual snow and tinnitus
Anxiety about a situation involving my uncle
I dunno why, but I just wanted to share how awfully happy I am right now
I/We are worth getting better.
I feel like I've achieved something and wanted to share to tell you YES you can!!
Is this anxiety?
The 10 Cognitive Distortions of CBT are getting old
[deleted by user]
The 10 Cognitive Distortions are getting old
I don’t have anxiety but right now, I’m losing my shit over nothing. Any advice to stop it.
Anxiety from being ignored
Panick attacks
Lurker here. Just posting to share how i conquered panic disorder! It might help someone out there.
Anyone know...
PM me if your depressed/anxious/having a problem.
Some of my hero’s are my hero’s because they’re able to do simple things that I have difficulty doing
Cops
How do you project an “extroverted, sociable, bubbly, etc” personality in job interviews?
How do I talk to people with a more relaxed voice instead of it being so tense?
Anyone else on citalopram (celexa)?
For those confused on how this can really be a thing
What's your favorite podcast about anxiety/depression?
Morning Anxiety and Depression
I'm going on a date, freaking out!
valproate,carbamazepine or clomipramine
I need tips on how to relax when presenting a project
What type of anxiety am I dealing with?
Does anyone else imagine worst case scenarios?
Litany against fear
Going to school is difficult
People dealing with constant anxiety and depression more prone to addictive behavior? Your personal opinion of it.
Weed abd anxiety
Taking time off school?
Do I have anxiety?
Anxiety hinders me from exercising
Just took melatonin first time, panic attack?
My work and my psychiatrist have both requested I take medical leave
Agoraphobia victory/ recovery
Exam stress nausea
I have been trying CBD to help treat my moderate-severe anxiety disorder, and the results have been miraculous
Please help
I can't eat.
Does going out and hanging out with fiends relieve stress?
Unfortunate seating arrangement in work causing daily anxiety
Questions about applying for disability with an anxiety/depression/PTSD diagnosis
Overcoming the feeling of being "too much"
I HATE dreams
I think my anxiety comes from me trying to run from my feelings.
Any advice for anxiety while flying?
my friend telling me i’m annoying because of my anxiety
Teenage Mental Health - A Modern Epidemic
anxious/jittery AFTER a bowel movement..
Making the change from Celexa to Zoloft... does anyone have info?
Every Morning is a Battle
[Repost] Take part in NHS research that will donate money to mentalhealth charities!
DAE Have the constant urge to pee
My heart palpitations come with an aching feeling in my chest (left side). Does anyone else have this?
I'm lost and don't understand what's wrong with me.
Needing to take a deep breath every few minutes
It get Worse, I think, i don't know
New to this thread. I’m 22 and I can’t seem to adjust to adult life. Everything feels like a struggle every day. I’m just really unstable & lost.
Does anyone else see marks out the corner of your eye and think they're bugs/shadows then there turns out to be literally nothing there?
What my anxiety is like (is it even anxiety? Or something else)
5 Things Introverts Need In A Relationship
Every single day it’s a different worry with me
Anyone here got dpdr?
Good places to volunteer?
24F, never experienced anixety like this before
This one co-worker that's making me miserable at a job that I otherwise love
Starting to feel defeated again by my anxiety
Beta blocker Propranolol & prescription
I need to get my hair done today but I can’t stop puking.
Citalpram my last resort?
How can I get affordable help?
DAE find their anxiety symptoms flair just before their period?
Anyone else do stupid shit?
Can anxiety cause intrusive thoughts?
I was supposed to be wedding planning
I want to quit my job when I wake up feeling anxious.
Gut feeling or anxiety? How do you know the difference?
Taking 5-HTP and L-Theanine together
Slurred speech
Tight throat since HOURS
Over a 2 year period I was using cocaine and alcohol on a SSRI and it’s really messed my brain up no memory I was living in a different reality because off the way it effected my brain do you think I’ve done any damage? Been a year off everything and I’m still really fucked up saver anxiety
Can't go to uni alone
PM ME EVERY TIME YOU FEEL SEVERELY ANXIOUS. I'LL TRY MY BEST TO MAKE YOU FEEL BETTER! I PROMISE :)
Natural Sleep Remedies: Tips To Cure Insomnia In No Time
I have to learn to drive... :/
First ever job interview in 3 hours and I haven't had time to prepare! Help
Cigarette smoke makes me feel so anxious
In physical pain after panic attack
So I suffer from Anxiety, Depression and High Blood Pressure...I couldn't sleep (shocker) and I had to get my thoughts out on paper...Maybe some of you can relate..Good night
Have to go back to work tomorrow and it's causing my anxiety to skyrocket
I love living inside my mind, but would love to be able to turn it off at times
Lately I've been thinking of scary things before bed and idk how to stop.
Sigh... I don’t even know anymore.
Monophobia anxiety
I'm having a panic attack right now. Help me
Finally built up the courage to get help, don't know how to get started
Anxiety is strongly related to stress and is the leading cause of mental illness in teens
I need advise on how to not throw up during panic attacks
Can't sleep tonight. In the direct path of Michael and I'm paranoid about tornados... anyone able to talk?
No sleep at Night? Idiopathic Insomnia?
I have extreme anxiety over an event that happened over a year ago.
Chronic panic attacks
Irritating physical symptoms of anxiety
I can't breath
Anxiety after car accident 2 years ago.
The constant fear is to much
What do you guys do when the quality of your anxiety is that you can't seem to want to do anything but sit and be nervous?
Strange Anxiety About Cat
New father anxieties
Sleep
I made a plate of food but I had a panic attack while making it. Now I gotta decide if I wanna force feed myself and get sick or live with the guilt of throwing it away.
Freaking myself out about starting antidepressants
Rational Worry or Paranoid Obsession?
how to stop thinking about things i said 5 days ago and focus on studying?
Monthly anxiety
I get really anxious when my parents argue
Advice on getting my flu shot?
Throbbing neck and head/feeling tightness in my neck
Looking for positive coping mechanisms.
Dissociation/derealisation resulting in fear of going crazy.
How do you handle making mistakes at work?
Let's talk nocturnal panic attacks! What are yours like?
Feeling ‘zoned out’!
Really worried
My wife's panic attacks have been really frequent lately and she's scared it's gonna make her drop out of college
Is it possible to be addicted to anxiety?
Can someone talk with me tonight? I’ll listen too.
Does Etizolam (Anxiety Medication) build tolerance?
Currently dealing w/ anxiety so bad I have physical pains... SOS
Making a scary decision
Alternative treatments that you found helpful for anxiety?
relationship and a new found anxiety
Feeling guilty
Does anxiety make you nervous when stuff isn't perfect?
Acceptance
DAE have issues with grocery shopping?
Don’t see how diet change helps anxiety, change my mind please
I’ve had so many panic attacks that now I just laugh when I get one lol
Why does this keep happening to me
Terrible anxiety about mistake made at work
I’m going through the crazy ALS scare phase. Please help.
If you feel like a sensitive bitch because you get panic attack whenever someone mentions a certain subject throw your hands up in the air and celebrate for a sweet rejoice.
Have an of you fellows tried cold showers/baths as a way to help anxiety? If so did it help?
I forgot to flush down the toilet
Work makes me die inside.
Finally Seeing a Therapist and I’m Oddly Excited
A whole new world of anxiety hit me after I had coffee. Now I can’t even look at my phone.
Diagnosed GAD/DP/DR - 28 year Analysis and Symptom Breakdown
Just want to vent about school
An Anxiety Expert Explains How to Make Panic Attacks Your Bitch - The only way to beat anxiety is to welcome it.
My anxiety is affecting my work.
Let’s add one more thing to my list if worries
Neighbor making being at home a source of anxiety
What does anxiety chest pain feel like?
Really bad surprise
little victory today
Random rant about anxiety and guns
This about sums it up
Even The “Sexiest Man Alive” Experiences Anguish
Quick to Get Angry
Any advice for working with other people in my college class?
Prescribed medication for the first time but I'm scared.
Trouble sleeping
No medications seem to work for me.
The 10 Cognitive Distortions are getting old
Can anxiety lead to a ringing in your ear?
Is this anxiety?
Anxiety Attacks and Instant Crying?
5htp for anxiety?
#WorldMentalHealthDay Nofap Will Cure Your Social Anxiety And Depression
Safer medicine option?
The news is giving me anxiety!
let's share advice
I have pretty bad untreated anxiety and I'm about to travel halfway around the world for a job.
Is there a point of keep going to a class if it's making me anxious everytime I think about it?
Had a little breakdown today.
Anxiety because of starting new life abroad + scared of flying
What is something that you want people who don’t have anxiety disorder to know?
Awkward around bubbly people
Meeting a girl tomorrow and my anxiety will be through the roof, what can I do to help with it so she doesn't think I should be in a psych ward?
Just started taking Lexapro for GAD and SAD!
Does anyone else feel completely disrepected and disregarded by their Pharmacy/Pharmacist?
Side effect with Lexapro
L-Theanine or Silexan
Living with people that worsen your anxiety is a nightmare.
[Possible trigger] Small Victory for an Anxious Driver
Over sensitivity to violence, conspiracies, horror...am I delusional?
doctors app. tomorrow
Anxiety over hurting someone's feelings driving me absolutely insane
Time Off Work Due to Anxiety
Afraid to leave my room
Anyone taking BuSpar (buspirone) to help decrease anxiety?
Do any of you work as receptionists or admin assistants?
How many of you have tried any type of “alternative medicine”?
My first appointment with a psychiatrist.
Success with Neurontin
One month of trying to prep myself to go to the gym, and I still can't do it
Advice needed PLEASE
Does anyone else feel like they get goosebumps but there are no goosebumps and no reason to have them?
Do I have anxiety?
What do you do when you just feel "off" and can't find anything to do with yourselves?
CBT and Exposure Therapy Square One
DAE imagine and hear sounds that make you cringe and have a small panic attack?
Scared about a random car near my house
i don't have an interesting title
Actual physical symptoms from anxiety? Maybe a vicious cycle?
First date
Emotional Support Animals: Any experience with Dogtor or Certapet?
When people say they understand and show they don't.
anxious about being viewed as lazy, to add to the already crippling anxiety.
Can anxiety make you feel dizzy for days on end.
Overcame anxiety with girls, :) but-
Help with school
Panic attacks
I’m tired of being endlessly associated with my mental illness.
consultation free
DAE have their worst anxiety days after waking up from a nightmare?
Quitting my job for school and I'm a nervous wreck
Anxiety has been a big part of my life and I think it has indeed already affected my daily life already
I don’t feel like therapy is helping.
Ran out of Prescription for SSRI
Being asked questions in front of the whole class
Exercising and Anxiety
Strattera questions
A lump in my throat?
How To Become A Conversational Hypnotist: 9 Essential Skills
Cleaned my neck beard nest
I think my unsteady full-time job is worsening my anxiety
Something extremely scary happened to me this morning
Things that calm you down and things that don't
Quitting self-medication with anxiety is really hard.
I always cry when meeting with my psychiatrist.
Throwing up because of a panic attack
Might quit my job today. I’m miserable and envy people in movies who have the confidence/freedom to just quit when they’ve had enough bullshit, and I think I have
It feels like I can't catch a break
Climate change anxiety
Who has been on Ativan/Lorazepam for a long period of time?
I think I'm about to get fired and I don't know what to do
World Mental Health Day 2018
Fucked up in a presentation
Lyrics to 'King' by Lauren Aquilina
I called a girl a "hoe" this morning.
Constantly checking symptoms?
My sister has made my anxiety worse!
World Mental Health Day 2018
Death and having one life.
Stressed out and sweaty during driving lessons
Prescription problems
Too anxious to tell my guitar teacher I wanted to quit.
Does anyone else get annoyed that the symptoms caused by anxiety are causing more anxiety, but your brain won't accept it's anxiety?
I officially start my job tomorrow and I guess I’m already on a chiefs bad side
Anybody else get constant headaches and brain fog from anxiety?
This is sapping all the passion I had for hobbies and my career out of my life. Help!
Does anxiety catch up with you?
I keep feeling scared and anxious
I just binged.....
Hey everyone, a friend of mine who had been struggling with depression & anxiety for years recently committed suicide and we’re trying to raise money for his funeral. I know this might not be the best place for this but I’m trying my best to help out. Every dollar counts.
Guys. Do you feel you have others who understand what your thoughts are or who have gone through what you go through? How do you find those people?
Very useful info for physical anxiety sufferers
Just started ativan
School anxiety is getting worse as I get nearer to graduating
Anxiety attack?
Leaving the political sub reddits update:I have started to drink water again as I. Am no longer paralyzed by fear and my world view has become way more optimistic.
So confused
I've been taking celexa and ativan for three days and it's making me lose mind. FUCK SSRIs and BENZOS
Anyone else have obsessive guilt?
Lil help
Benadryl for anxiety?
What are your oddest symptoms from anxiety mines is urge to pee and frequent urination been checked for utis n kidney function always normal this symptom always freaks me out reguardless of test i also noticed my area gets sensitive not burning but like if peeing so many times irritated #hopeless
Phone calls
Do bad things really happen at 3AM?
How do I stop trapping myself by worrying about protecting others above myself?
Weighted blankets?
Anxiety causing obsessiveness.
Is this really anxiety
Paranoia from precognition
Some form of separation anxiety?
Am I victimizing myself?
I need to take medication but I'm too afraid
Freaking all the way the hell out
So I've gone over the edge
I can’t do this any longer
Don’t you ever wonder if you really get some health problem in future that you wouldn’t notice it because you will think it’s anxiety.
Complaining too much
Intense dreams/nightmares
I made this as a little bit of motivation to cheer you up today. I know it's not much, but I hope that it helps!
I have a 5 hour drive tomorrow.
Health Anxiety
Just reminded of how perpetual anxiety can put you to sleep from exhaustion
What are your experiences with anti-anxiety medication?
Pharmacy anxiety
STUCK IN EXISTENTIAL LOOP FUCKING HELP ME HELP HELP HELP
Science of anxiety?
Boyfriend watches porn and it makes me crazy.
A cry for help
When anxiety is mostly physical
Calm around certain person but also nervous?
Anxiety Attack Just from thinking about applying to a job.
Any tips on not dwelling on your mistakes?
How effective did you find CBT therapy for social anxiety?
On my flight right now
Anxiety and school
Kevin Love Opens Up About Mental Illness
i feel anxiety about not finding a new relationship and/or being lonely. WARNING: LONG
I am constantly on the verge of tears.
Is my calf pain anxiety?
My fault...
its like im frozen and theres a barrier between me and my computer
I feel like I’m never going to be happy
I know how important music is to all of us and helps us get through the day and most likely nights so here is a list of some songs you may or may not heard of but I listen to them everyday and its helps!
Math has become a trigger for me. How should I cope?
Is it normal for my face to catch on fire (not literally!) mid-panic attack? About to drive 3 hours to the airport and back
Uncontrollable shakes
Thinking about something so much that you zone out and lose all concentration/awareness
Anxiety about dying or losing my loved ones, I am 18..
I feel frustrated and invisible at the same time
Anxiety | My Journey Chapter One
Please help: Person who struggles with anxiety, looking for helpful tools to redirect thoughts and regulate anxiety.
Songs that really help me when I have anxiety/depressive moments. All have meaningful lyric messages, to me at least. Even if you don't like the type of music of them I still recommend trying them all before you dismiss them. Let me know if any help you or have helped you in the past! I'm curious.
I can feel the skin on my face twitch when I talk to people (super self conscious ) Is this anxiety ? I just want to be confident and relaxed and my best self, but I feel like I’m holding myself back. If anybody can relate or have advice ?
Noticing my breathing
Anxious bc I’m going to America for a month
How to deal with „weltschmerz“?
Grounding!
Describe your anxiety attacks
Overwhelmed by colleges classes and 2 small kids
Fuck Health Anxiety
I just found this sub after my second bout with anxiety. Went two days in a complete spiral.
job offer - not believing its true
I had an anxiety attack and it feels so bad, I have no idea where to go from here
Flying tomorrow. Stressed
Feel like I [23M] made sexually unwanted advances towards a friend [23F] and it's driving me crazy (possible tw: sexual assault, sex)
What are some natural anxiety remedies?
“Friends” hanging out with my abusive ex and it gives me severe anxiety.
Professor gets onto me but not others
Short documentary about revolutionary new treatment for PTSD and phobias
Prozac for anxiety. Making it worse?
Anxiety makes me feel like I’m ruining things with my boyfriend
Up all night because I made a mistake.
Emergency : anxiety attack going on need hlep
Hurricane Micheal is hitting my twin head on and I’m really scared.
Constant unease
I had a panic attack and cried in front my my class during a presentation
Help with uncertainty. OCD/Anxiety/Depression sufferer.
When I'm having anxiety over things I have a habit now of whispering to myself or mouthing words. I'm already weird but I'm sure this makes people not want anything to do with me anymore.
Don’t want to take these pills, but should I?
Guys please i need help like right now oh god i think I'm having a panic attack im not sure though I'm freaking out can you help me
That's how it be sometimes
Why is acceptance so important when having severe anxiety? Even if the thoughts are crucial, from intrusive to existential..
Be your own support system
Gotta love being sick when you have serious anxiety about taking medications
Extreme agitation 24/7
This is a reminder to anyone reading it that you ARE stronger than your anxiety and you CAN conquer this day.
I have roofers on my roof right now.
Does this sound like anxiety, panic attack or none of the above.
How do I break this obsession?
TIL Bill Hader suffered from anxiety
I have two states pacing and paralyzing tiredness.
Effexor and Wellbutrin Combo?
Daily deja vu
Not doing very well. Looking for work
Daily anxiety attacks & need help
What do you do when you don't know what the next step is?
Has anyone here confided in their boss about their anxiety? How did it work out? And if you haven't, why?
Want to share my story
Teens of reddit what are your biggest obstacles? While having anxiety disorder/s
Frustration
How do you cope with severe anxiety due to the current political climate? (USA)
I suppose this could maybe be considered NSFW but i’m not sure
Face your fears
I am a lost cause
I'm at the point in my life where I have an anxiety attack because I haven't had one recently so something must be wrong
Career paths for people with anxiety?
What do you do on your days off of work?
Guys i need help coffee is increasing my anxiety (i think) but i absolutely need it otherwise im too slow to do maths or physics what do i do
Stop fearing fear!
My mind is eating me alive
This is the first time I'm letting out everything I've been experiencing...
I’ve been suffering from general anxiety for nearly 10 years. I’ve always been into photography, as it got my mind off of everything else in my life. This past week, my GF pushed me to go out of my comfort zone to head into NYC and photograph during NY Bridal Week. It was really hard, but I did it!
That crappy moment when...
Attempting to sleep with anxiety
Can thoughtfulness be anxiety?
Obsession I need help.
Does anyone else get terrible anxiety from movers or cable guys coming over into your space? It completely depletes my energy, as if I ran for miles. Serious fight or flight mode.
Anxiety around drunk people
Anxiety and anger? How do you handle it?
How can I overcome my social anxiety and self-consciousness?
Every morning, that one thought saying, "Am I going to have a panic attack?", sends me right into an anxiety spiral.
I just started taking Sertraline. 15 hours into the first pill and I’m so nauseous. Is this normal?
Antidepressants Can Be A Cause Of Weight Gain
my emotions are visible.
Anyone else who just feels completely calm when they're with their partner right after just losing their mind?
Remember where you are. This is something that calms me.
Traveling for the first time alone and its not going well
Its not always scary.
How do you make new friends when you haven’t had any in years?
getting help now
An Anxiety Ridden Year
I am feeling suicidal and I would like medical help but my parents won’t allow it.
this is taking a toll on me!.
Anxiety and a high stress job.
Anxiety is making this so much harder
Have you ever struggled with accepting you have anxiety?
My friends don't want me, my ex doesn't want me, I'm tired of being the second option and ignored
Asking Someone for Money
Social Anxiety
Back on disability...again.
Bad anxiety this morning.
has anyone taken hydroxyzine for their anxiety? if so, what is your experience and how did it make you feel?
Panic - drink - nicotine?!
Existential dread from transitioning to college.
Ive decided to start to get help
Fear
Does anyone ever feel like passing out when they’re scared?
Anxiety about death
Went on an awesome trip and felt so happy... but now I’m full of anxiety again
Nighttime Jaw Clenching
Hurricane Michael is triggering me
I hate phones and phone calls
I feel twisted up inside
Useful book for anxiety!!
My anxiety, OCD, and PTSD symptoms are going off the wall and I’m also having an extremely hard time with sensory issues
Can anyone relate?
Idk if it’s ok to post this here but I’m currently having an anxiety attack and when I do have then I try to draw and often times all’s I can draw is the word help, I feel like I’m so sunken by this mental illness.
A little IMPROVEMENT
Does anyone tense there muscles when asleep?
Vent:I cant be the only one who thinks there's too much negativity on reddit
I NEED TO STOP FREAKING OUT
Does anyone have any recommendations on inpatient treatment centers?
Important piece of advice.
First time on this sub.Need advice. How do I get out if this terror.
Found something that works really, well and maybe for you too.
Anyone else feel.. exposed or at risk of harm at all times?
[deleted by user]
what is the actual name for time/stress anxiety?
I feel like breaking
Should I stop taking this med?
Should I take time off from school to work on my anxiety?
My mom put on the first two episodes of the new FBI show on tv and it’s giving me intense anxiety
Do you ever delete posts?
Citalopram (20mg), sleep and food
Anxiety is ruining my mental state in a weird way
Everyone should do this.
First time poster. Am I going crazy or is this anxiety?
Living situation causing anxiety
I have been on Escitalopram for 7 weeks and now my doc is recommending me go on clonazapan and quetiapine. Thoughts?
Does anyone else ever feel weird slight vibrations or muscle spasms or tightness in the chest when not having a panic attack?
Social anxiety question
What makes a person "chill" or "cool"?
Is this just me or does listening to certain types of music make you super anxious and sick to the stomach? Whenever i listen to psychedelic music or anything like that, that happens? Anyone know why?
the light at the end of the tunnel is getting dimmer
Fucking pisses me off
How to Help A Friend with Serious Anxiety?
Please Don’t Make Me Talk about Myself
How do you explain anxiety to a non-anxious person?
I keep feeling scared and anxious often
Can’t stop panicking about the new climate change news
I’m petrified
When did this sub become the suicide sub?
I'm the moodiest I've ever been and it's scaring me (trigger warning for mention of suicidal ideation and death, long post)
Girlfriend says she hopes I my anxiety gets worse
:(
Advice on how to disclose illness to a possible employer
At a loss.
Is this social anxiety or am I experiencing something else?
17, Debating on getting medical help. Want Benzos
Climate change anxiety?
To hard to open up.
Recently passed out from severe dehydration and now I can't stop thinking about it
Well, I finally did it.
Fear of losing loved ones.
I need help physical anxiety
Tunnel Vision
whyyyy meeee
How to stop being a people pleaser?
Anyone around to help rn?
Lexipro
I have anxiety, and I think I might've fucked myself over.
Lending my ear for anyone that would like to talk!
First post. I feel like I am unraveling.
My boss died at work today and I don't know how to handle it
Anyone else struggle with feeling lazy?
Zoloft Week 2
Life without my ex is miserable
I fucking hate health anxiety.
Workplace Anxiety (Vent)
How do I even talk about my 'abuse' to my therapist?
A (maybe stupid) question...
I don’t have the energy for all the anxiety that I’m feeling
My story
Anxiety makes me feel incompetent
Appointment anxiety
Anxiety is like a shepard's tone.
What is happening with me?Anxiety or suffering?
DAE start to feel bad in any way before getting a tattoo?
Tried to go to the movies and I drove all the way there to just turn around and cried all the way home
Can anti depressants impact your period?
Anyone get severe dizziness as well as body chills and aches with throbbing headaches with social anxiety ?
I was prescribed lexapro
My health anxiety is ruining me. Dizziness is ruling my life and I don't know what to do anymore.
New to Depersonalization
Calming Tips
When You Crave Control of Everything
How do I get through the next 60 days?
When Anxiety Makes You Miserable, Why Not Make Poetry!
Anyone have any examples of special accommodations they have negotiated at work while they were dealing with severe anxiety?
Has anyone seen the documentary Three Identical Strangers?
I freeze and look dead when I am in public in a restaurant sitting across my wife. What the heck ? What is happening to me? No idea.
Suddenly extremely anxious?
I have anxiety, and I’m looking for a way to help myself without medication
I'm floating?!?
I feel like my anxiety wouldn't be so terrifying if every physical symptom I get didn't replicate a heart attack
I'm lost
Today was a bad day
How to Use Small Wins to Beat Anxiety
Shadow banned
Freaking out about climate change.
I can't make myself to even apply for a job...and I need it
Anyone have examples of accommodations they have negotiated at work while they were dealing with severe anxiety? Did you disclose your condition? Struggling really bad with my social anxiety right now at my new job which is fairly high performance with a lot of public speaking. I am freaking out.
Anyone else ever feel really zoned out all the time?
Caffeine is anxiety fuel
Feeling suicidal after hearing about the climate change news right now and just want to give up
Author John Green: Reaching young adults and dealing with mental illness
Any success stories about conquering anxiety that any of y’all would like to share? I’m feeling hopeless.
I had an panic attack at 1am and I am not okay
Am I becoming psychotic?
Anyone else in their 30’s wondering wtf they’re doing with their lives?
Morning Nausea with Anxiety
I have to call my landlord
Anyone ever got passed manual breathing once it started affecting sleep? Really struggling
FML....A difficulties at my job.
Sharing so I won’t go through a resurgence
Advices to get over an income breakdown
Tightness and numbness in chest?
Anxiety Diaries- Visionary Orchid
Other people have this?
Getting scolded in front of everyone really hits home.
I Feel Broken
I really dont know what to do.
Day by day my anxiety gets worse?
I always feel like everyone thinks I’m annoying.
Anxiety and general obsessive thoughts?
Feeling like friends have left you
Can't do anything right, feeling useless and alone
Tough morning
Anyone have time to talk?
Feeling emotionally numb on medication
My alcoholic mother just stood on my ankle and ripped off a layer of my skin with her heels..I'm having a nervous breakdown
First following thought, after thinking: Man I'd love to go to Australia sometime soon.
Starting the week with some good old self sabotage
How can I stay motivated when I don’t know where my family will live in a few months?
Can anyone recommend any good books to help with low self esteem / low confidence please? Or anxiety in general. Thanks
Anxiety from unbalanced speakers/sound and cartoon voices
sleeping products to ease your bedtime anxiety
D(does or did)AE panic even at home?
I finally booked an appointment to talk with my GP!
How do I go about getting help?
Good info for yall physical snxiety sufferers
Anyone feels like living is suffering?
My anxiety is so bad that if the girl of my dreams offered me consensual sex, I would turn it down in fear that she might falsely accuse me of rape afterwards.
I [22F] am convinced everyone I know or meet hates me
Is there something in the air causing all of us to not be Able to sleep these past few days?
you are appreciated! :* ❤ having cancer = not being respected? laughing right? now change cancer with anxiety issues and laugh about how you are tricked into thinking wrong.
Long time friend became ridiculously attractive, but is terrified of drawing attention
23yo male, shadow of my former self
Angry Client Triggered Massive Anxiety
I feel like I'm faking my anxiety symptoms...
I don't want to be afraid of everything anymore
Не то совет, что каждому известно.
Anxiety over being alone
My boyfriend has severe phobia/anxiety and I want to help.
I’m not a snowflake. I have anxiety and I hate it.
9 Effects Of Nootropics That Help Ease Your Anxiety
How I defeated severe, crippling depression and anxiety in less than three months.
What type of medical professional should I seek for anxiety?
Things are piling on
Feels like everyone's going easy on me
If you stop caring about your anxiety, what do you think will happen? Will it worsen more or you think it will stop having power over you?
Does anyone else hate not feeling anxious?
What's left of me is falling apart
Rapid heartbeat from stress?
Do you take medication for anxiety?
can’t cope
Panicking over tetanus
Hopefully if I type this out I can go to Sleep
Stress eating???
Anticipatory Anxiety about Work
Is it wierd to use a nightlight still?
Relationships anxiety?
“Nervous breakdown” ??
Trying to fall asleep is always a battle-
Trying to wrap my head around anxiety
Being an adult is anxiety inducing.
Whats the actual purpose of DP/DR?
I am a College student facing an anxiety related issue with another person. Just needed advice (description of issue below)
I thought I was doing better but here I am
Used to be panic, now constantly feeling nervous or mini attack. Am i getting better?
What do you do when you realize that you've said something that can be easily misinterpreted?
Does anybody get anxious when they're physically sick (like a cold or a flu)?
Ever have a small convo with someone and it makes you feel a bit better?
How do you all handle living?
The future is scaring the crap outta me
Do I vent too much?
Help with some insomnia
Co Worker Harassed over Anxiety
Always anxious about money...
It requires concentrated physical effort for me to converse with people, and I'm not great at communicating during heated arguments - how can I improve this?
DAE get anxious at weddings?
How should I ask my parents for help?
My anxiety attacks are distracting to you? Well they’re painful for me. Is my professor wrong or am I just being butthurt.
Obsessively checking social media on my phone
I only started a course a month ago, It takes 2 years, but already nervous about finding a job in it?
Combating anxiety logic and “rationality”
Anybody want to join my discord channel?
Anxiety on an exchange programme
Mental health whack-a-mole
Tapering Off Lamotrigine
Fear of being myself
Does anyone ever feel like their vision is tilted?
How do I help someone with intimacy anxiety?
First time cooking in a week due to a devastating loss and it made me so happy. First time in a week I haven’t felt crushed by my anxiety/depression!
An audio recording my friend sent that's been helping me with my anxiety. Hoping it might help others...
Anxiety after a huge fight with partner
Graduated high school almost 10 years ago. I just remembered how much anxiety I got in the cafeteria at lunch time every day.
Worrying about what other people think
Might have said something unfair to my girlfriend dealing with anxiety. Your take? [23/M, 23/F]
DAE absolutely require resolution in arguments?
A bit of a different post. It was recommended i pick up a hobby to help with my anxiety. Learned some simple patterns and made this guy on my first day.
I'm being bullied by a fellow adult on Facebook
Going back on antidepressants for social anxiety
How can I tell when/if I’m having an anxiety attack?
Watching the votes being counted live
Exhausted for Inktober Today
Any natural vitamins/supplements that have helped for you guys?
Small rant about anxiety caused back pain!
Anxiety about nothing
Quick question about hangovers.
Bad social anxiety after year long depressive episode?
Been having some anxiety and depersonalization all day. Any tips that would help calm me down?
My first detention has me very anxious
Went on multi state road trip and now have the worst anxiety.
I finally started a partial hospilization program
Holidays
What Antidepressant med did everyone find most effective against social anxiety and panic disorder.
Brain tumor anxiety
Heart in throat
When is a good time to let a friendship go?
How do you deal with job interviews?
Gentle Reminder
Silly anxiety
Covering up the right eye helps stop the momentum of obsessive negative thinking and reduce stress
Am I the only one that does this?
That's it, I think my boss hates me now.
PERSONAL EXPERIENCE: i've never ever saved myself or improved things due to anxiety. vice-versa? i can't even count...
citalopram hbr
Music that helps me with anxiety
My Phone Knows Me Well
Hey you guys! Thanks for helping me come so far in my journey, However any advice for someone that finally gets out of his shell but feels left out?
Hey, I'm working on a course that aims to cure people of their anxiety, and would love to get your opinion!
This is something I struggled to understand. Hope its useful for someone here.
I live with social anxiety and panic disorder. I came up with a list of coping skills.
I'm feeling really unwell tonight. And lately every night.
Anyone else 'zone out' when your stressed?
New job, monthly meeting the CEO apparently insists new people have to 'ask a question' at the end. It's on Thursday and I couldn't sleep last night because of this. It will be a long week.
Does anyone have any tips for not revisiting the same worries?
Do you experience feelings of disconnection, unfamiliarity?
Job Searching Anxiety
She knows me well
I had a panic attack that felt like I was having a panic attack for the first time??
I kinda came over all my anxiety yesterday, just yesterday
What are some of the physical things you feel because of anxiety?
Кто берет, тот обязуется.
Meditated this morning for the first time and I think it helped. Anyone have links to good anxiety meditation exercises that I can take advantage of?
How can I make myself relax the next couple of days?
Any success stories with celexa?
I got out of bed and got dressed this morning. A small success but I still like a loser.
Hangover Anxiety - anyone else?
Does anyone else immediately go to the worst case scenario when dating?
How can I stop overthinking and being paranoid all of the time
Tortured by anxiety dreams
I never knew anxiety could really take over my life like this
I made a YouTube channel on mental health even though it gives me anxiety
Job Related Anxiety - I had a contentious run in with two of my coworkers and now I don't even want to go in on Monday.
Advice to unclench jaw?
Not sure where to post this. Can’t on Facebook because family is still being notified, but there’s been a death this morning that’s hitting me particularly hard. He was my second father growing up.
Experiences with Intuvin?
Panic Attacks and Hypnosis
Anxiety playing video games
Sudden lack of motivation
Does anyone use CBD for treating their anxiety?
How do I go back to sleep?
Post panic attack shame spiral
Any advice on first therapy appointment ever.
A site for everyone with an anxiety trigger with some films. (Like a dog dying or suicide or spiders etc)
I need to know if my panic attack or my actions caused me to lose friends.
I may or may not be a crazy girlfriend?
Please help, is this normal after quitting an SSRI that I took for 5 and half weeks?
May or may not be a clingy girlfriend?
Do you ever get so fatigued it scares you?
Relafionship Anxiety
I want you to try this
I'm crowdfunding a book on mental illness - please help! x
The phone at work
my friend with anxiety
Anxiety is ruining my life - again! (
Stress and anxiety
Experiences with Pristiq?
Want to go out but don’t want to drink?
Middle of night panic attack
Has anyone else felt too aware of their existence?
Go to bed, Anxiety, I work in 5 hours and need sleep...
Those with adult separation anxiety disorder (ASAD), how do you cope when your spouse/partner/attachment figure travels?
Help! Haven't eaten in almost a week.
I can't measure my body!
Whatsapp anxiety
Episode the Day After Donating Blood
How to stop comparing?
I made some real progress today!
My mom kicked me out for an aniexty attack
Fear of graduating/getting a job??
What’s a panic attack like?
[deleted by user]
I don’t know what I’m feeling
I wanted to take a moment to thank everyone here for what you do- despite what you’re going through! Thank you SO much!
Anxiety = heart racing. Heart racing = more anxiety. Agghh!
I feel so alone. I’m isolating myself and cutting people off. I am freaking out. I’m afraid to be alone, I’m scared of what I think about. I hate everything about myself. Why do I feel like this? Why won’t it go away? How do I ask for help? Please help.
Feeling like you’re wasting your teenage life by never going out
Does anyone else ever take out your ear buds to make sure no one else can hear what you're listening to?
Feeling like I might be slipping into a funk again
I'm freaking out
Relationships are scary
avpd
Illegal Drugs that help Generalized Anxiety Disorder
DAE have trouble being softspoken
In your opinion, is it more dangerous to smoke cigarettes everyday or to take benzo everyday.
Today's Stupid Trigger is...
These ads are so annoying.. :/
I'm driving myself and everyone around me crazy.
I have extreme anxiety only while driving.
Help Me, I don't know what's happening to me.
Constant anxiety, verge of panic attack.
How to mitigate trembling?
Anxiety and dread
I think I have anxiety
(Health anxiety) is this a heart attack?!!?!
Help With Eating on Dates
A sense of identity
Hierarchical culture anxieties make it difficult to face climate truth
Anxiety and depression making me jealous of people without either
Was this an anxiety attack???
Advice on physical things that help with anxiety
Anxiety tips?
Help me understand this and what to do please
Someone please help
My health anxiety is taking a toll on my mental health.
CDB oil and panic disorder?
Can’t even cross the road!
What do you guys do to prevent panic attacks? Please help
Is this a symptom of anxiety
mental health Discord server
Tips on feeling more comfortable staying overnight away from home?
Success As An Anxiety Trigger
Is it normal to have some mental confusion while starting new meds?
Victories and Defeats
Its getting so hard😟
Gagging from anx
How to stop picking at my skin?
How To Help My Wife
Flying Anxiety
Waking up with anxiety
Should I cut back?
Nothing to Fear But Fear Itself
What do you think when you do not answer a text for days?
Still anxious & insecure about myself?
Social anxiety symptoms
I need some help
Propranolol bad experiences?
Benzodiazapines are becoming less effective and I can't find another med that helps?
I don't know what just happened to me
Today I made a sensible choice and didn't follow my anxiety.
How do you not think of people who hate you?
Sertraline and decreased appetite?
Finally able to emotionally detach
I feel like participants in my dance hate it and are only committed because they have to be.
The mess that is
Some encouraging thoughts to practice
Is it possible to experience stomach, back, or leg tremors almost constantly for a long time or even forever after a panic attack?
Someone actually cared for me today
Anxiety
how it all began...
Anyone else feel like their anxiety is purely physical?
Roommates making my anxiety worse
Should I text my friend with anxiety on by phone about where we are going to meed tomorrow if he did not answer on facebook
What do you wish anxiety didn’t stop you from doing?
By the 3rd day I have become completely tolerant of the benzo medication I was prescribed.
Volunteering good for anxiety?
Should I text my friend by phone and ask about hanging out or should I just wait for him to answer me on facebook?
Too anxious to eat, afraid of finding something in food - possible trigger warning
An unconventional way to overcome claustrophobia
New to this sub. Anxiety in recent years has become worse. Has anyone here beaten it?
Dumb emotions
Can getting in trouble cause trauma/ptsd like symptoms?
Just moved to uni, and my anxiety is plaguing me
What do you do when you hear noises in the night?
Sort of off-topic question about Tinder
Do you ever feel angry with those around you when you're in uncomfortable events?
Feel like my GAD has gotten in the way of my career
Fuck health anxiety
Is this anxiety and how can I cope?
Just had my 21st despite every feeling of anxiety that made me not want to have it
Having a panic attack
How to get rid of the butterflies in the stomach feeling?
Best ways for yourself when you actually have a panic attack?
Rotting my mind away (What do I do)
I'm afraid he'll get tired of me
Help ?
Tired of making positive changes and getting temporary relief only to get more negative thoughts after a while
I’m panicking about school work
I feel as though I am having a heart attack, but I'm fine according to the doctors.
If someone can please help me, please do. My anxiety is ruining my life and may ruin something so great for me. (Relationship)
Driving anxiety
Perfume was the real cause of my super severe suicidal anxiety
Daily reminder to anyone struggeling :)
DAE get sick just thinking about eating food?
Death anxiety/death feelings
anyone ever think you’ll do well at things for a second and then just get completely fucked over by anxiety
How To Hypnotize Someone For The First Time: Your Step-By-Step Guide
Separation Anxiety
Running on 5 days no sleep and at work
I feel like I just had a major breakthrough.
Its all in my head
Doubts about my relationship make it hard for me to get some sleep. What can I do to calm my mind? I'm going crazy!
My Girlfriend is in trouble
Panic attacks when about to fall asleep at night?
When you're lying in bed and can't remember if you locked the front door or not so you're willing to risk everything
Anyone else have bad nighttime health anxiety?
Anxiety browsing the internet
When you're lying in bed and can't remember if you locked the front door or not so you're willing to risk everything
Anxiety around family. Start my Celexa prescription now, or wait until after Monday (Thanksgiving)?
Generalized Anxiety- Stoping the Looping
Trying to understand response to traumatic events
My gratitude
I get mad on everyone who says "I'm nervous as hell" with smile on their face
How to silence the mind.
I’m into a girl and I’m pretty sure she’s into me, but I get so anxious about the long pauses between texts. What do you guys do to help with that?
Why does anxiety have to feel like a heart attack?
Dating with anxiety
One of those days
Fuck shitpost
American with anxiety, how to function in this era?
How did you improve your anxiety?
having to build up the courage to leave the house
Gym anxiety
Every day I’m getting weaker
Anxiety and worried about blood flow any one else have this?
Say "I" if it feels real (even tho you know it's not)
Derealizations?
Extreme constant anxiety?
can anyone walk me through calming down?
Extremely Annoying "Hot Flash"-like Symptom Accompanied By Severe Stress/Anxiety
Does anyone get a panic attack when they have a headache?
The police
Anxiety Hives
Feelings of loneliness and sadness and not being able to sleep
Abilify & Prozac combo withdrawal....tips?!
Made a meme and sent it to a few coworkers. No body responded.
Struggling looking beyond the present into the future
Current freakout: I'm worried my stress is going to cause glaucoma/eye problems.
Can't sleep due to panic attacks. Gets anxiety due to lack of sleep. Gets panic attacks due to anxiety.
Sick of being alone
Anyone else try driving for Lyft or Uber with social anxiety?
Anxiety over tiny changes
Is anyone else ever so overwhelmed with anxiety, they give up and go to bed?
Extremely bad health anxiety
Medication questions
are our minds wired in a way that makes us more prone to anxiety, ocd, and depression if we have always had one?
Irony: feeling too much crisis to be up to therapy session
Are there certain TV shows that cause additional anxiety for you?
To anxious to get a new job
I have a really big anxiety problem and i need help guys, now. :/
Anxiety around moving to Chicago and violence, reassurance please :)
Hit a new milestone today (in a bad way)
How To Find Your Passion In 4 Steps
After visiting the ER, still feeling scary symptoms
I'm going to work!!
True anxiety versus simple trust issues; how to explain?
I got the job!
GAD for many years has devolved into near-constant debilitating panic :/
I never feel safe, I'm always on edge..
When you're walking and you see someone coming and your brain is like 'WOTS NORMAL WALKIN MATE'
[UPDATE] starting my own business!
Anyone else waste entire days avoiding something?
Panic Attacks
Weird tremors
What should I say?
How can i explain the difference betwern relationship anxiety vs. lack of trust?
Dr. Albert Tells about how to prevent and cure Autism Anxiety Depression
Anxiety rant
Can anyone else NOT work full time?
I dont know if this will helo anyone but
My friends went out without me
Helluva Week
Can't unwind after intense warehouse job...
Muscle Spasm Above Right Ear
Coping when alone
..
Anxiety is taking over my life and I feel helpless
Why oh why do I keep calling off??
People who have taken antidepressants (ssri's etc) for anxiety, how have your experiences been?
SSRI advice please
My cycle.
parents are fun :)
I'm worried is this just my anxiety?
Anyone ever get anxious and panic out of nowhere . Like ypu not stress just bam anxiety and panic attacks
Scared to work again
How to talk to somebody experiencing severe anxiety?
it's the birthday of someone I don't know very well tomorrow, debating not going
Had an interview from Hell.
Anyone else with anxiety over nearly dying?
Please help
I know it’s right but it’s killing me. Description in comments
Volunteering in Tobago
Locker room talk.
Withdrawal symptoms after stopping 2 week sample dose of Pristiq (Desvenlafaxine)? How long does it last
Work keeps anxiety at bay. Can’t work.
Childhood Prozac
Keeping a journal
I went to the carvery today and had a good time
Severe anxiety for weeks.
Does anyone else's anxiety flair up more when they get sick (cold, flu, etc.)?
Anxiety taking over my life.
Self care & mental health support Discord server
Not sure what to do
I really enjoy my job, but I always feel like I’m one fuck up away from ruining it.
My story with anxiety.
10 Months Ago I Started a Brand to help people who battle with anxiety...I was one of those people and now it has become worse for me.
At work having a panic attack
Increasing paranoia (early-20s)
As an anxious person buying a house for the first time...
Do I have a shitty therapist?
Boss has no idea what it’s like to live with anxiety...
Project Change Anxiety
I have severe health anxiety. This is my appointment log with my primary care doctor, which is where I went most for reassurance. Slight improvement ;)
Swimming anxiety
I have severe health anxiety. This is my appointment log with my primary care, which is where I went most for reassurance. Slight improvement ;)
For those on Xanax or the generic
I dont know
What are your tips for dealing with work-related stress?
I have severe health anxiety. This is my appointment log with my primary care which is where I went most for reassurance. In April of this year I got a new OCD doctor and started zoloft, which has made panic episodes milder and the recovery faster. I'm pretty damn pleased with the improvement.
I am done with anxiety
are these all anxiety symptoms or could it be something else?
Help me.
I almost freeze in fear when i turn in a school paper
Words of Wisdom
Doesn’t my job sound like a nightmare for the anxious?
Weeds
I wish someone would save me
Brain zaps after single dose of Remeron
Talk about meds
Does anyone with panic attacks have tremors/internal shaking?
Am i the only ones ?
Not visiting the news sub reddits etc really changed my life
Obsessing over the though of death, whether it be myself or someone whom I care about.
Trembling somewhat violently for no apparant reason
Stressed out at work.
Staying At Home Is Not As Bad As I thought
Anxiety about food poisoning before getting on plane
Escitalopram for anxiety?
I handled an internet argument!
How to stop the leg bounce?
citalopram 10mg beginner + general anxiety advice needed
I can do this, you can do this, we all can do this.
Experiencing prolonged depersonalization and vision problems, am I alone?
Does anyone else experience this?
I hate my job
When someone is mad
Non existent work trouble
New YouTube Project - Queer & Disabled
Sharp pains
Too scared to go to school
Anxiety makes me doubt everything especially my relationship
(Trigger) I woke up and when i tryed to go back to sleep i heard whispering?
I am paranoid
How can I better deal with my anxiety?
It’s 2:30am and...
I just woke up at 3:15 at night to whispering but no one was there now i can't go back to sleep.
I would rather fail than face the fear of asking someone for something I need, what is wrong with me?
Family is going to the amusement park tomorrow and I want to go but just can’t
Does this happen to anyone else?
My anxiety is SO bad right now. It’s 2:30 am, I was peacefully sound asleep, but awoke about an hour ago to someone trying to break into my apartment!
Anxiety at work
Cycle of bad thoughts
Celexa side affects please help
Is anyone else completed overwhelmed by their existence?
My anxiety and depression are affecting my relationship in a weird way.
Rough week
I broke something with my car, now I’m freaking out.
Apparently they say everyone gets a morning cortisol spike, but do you think you get a bigger one than most non-anxious peoole?
Sleep loss
Driving Anxiety
I’m feeling like trash because I can’t do as much as other people do. I’m wondering if I really can’t or if I’m just being lazy.
I got a 17% on my first exam this term
My boyfriend’s ADHD triggers my anxiety
Any tips for job interviews? [21F]
Girlfriend cut my hair, doesn't look so good, no barbershops open?
Idk where to go
Phone call fail
ya gurl's spiraling down inside the office
I am moving to Hawaii and feel guilty for feeling anxious...
Feel like I’m going to die with no reason.
Overthinking and it’s causing my brain to run circles around it’s self
Going back to work after time off. Problematic.
The path...
Help a girl, please?
Does anyone else get internal shaking/tremors/buzzing from a panic attack?
Impatience for the opportunity to ask this girl out is stressing me out. What's a good way to deal with it?
Anxiety is causing relationship issues.
Rewire your mind with constant awareness of your thoughts.
A guy gave me his number and asked if I wanted to grab a beer and ahhhhhhhh I don't know what to do
DAE feel like they could never be in a relationship knowing you carry the weight of your Anxiety?
I’m moving to japan in 8 hours
Buspirone
I just broke down in the shower at my girlfriends place
Things are getting better
Aches
Cried in a big lecture hall during lecture, now feel guilty
Struggling
Worrying about work
About to get on my longest flight in a while. Any advice?
Video game anxiety?
I made more phone calls this week than the last 2 years and I can't really take it anymore
paranoid that someone has accessed my external hard drive
I missed a call from a potential employer while on a walk
Went for a run today!
Kundalini explained, from Yogic Perspective....
Not dealing well after major disaster
Overthinker!
sick with aneixty by thinking of "my past". I need some advice
Grounding exercise actually worked?
DAE feel random surges of intense disgust/embarrassment?
DAE feel like today is their last (not in a suicidal way)
I am paranoid that corporate is spying on me.
I did it! I got the job!
How do I deal with this situation?
Anxiety much better late afternoon-evening
Need some advice and encouragement.
Help!😭😭
Does anybody else struggle to think straight when having an episode of really band anxiety?
Going to court over a fender bender
Questions before restarting Prozac (Fluoxetine)
Heartbreak + anxiety = not fun
I proved my old therapist wrong and I am freaking proud of it
Everytime I visit a doctor I think I'm dying
Powerful Sleep Relaxation [ASMR Music] Binaural Beats Relaxing Music
someone please give me advice
Cannot sleep due to being convinced I am dying all night, every night.
The Wheel of Anxiety (new comic I made)
I know that somebody here needs to see this, today. (Stolen from a friend’s FB page.)
This day honestly has been awful. I can’t even count how many anxiety attacks I’ve had and I’ve had three panic attacks. I hate this. And then this absolutely horrible and scary thing happened and I just hate life. More in the text
Going off 50mg Sertraline (Zoloft)
I have a date tomorrow.
Making {& keeping} friends as an adult (w/anxiety)
Meditation as a Practice To Reduce Stress and Anxiety
Strange feelings on Wellbutrin
Anxiety won't SHUT UP during a job search
"Small" victories are still victories
All day long my boss yells she's going to have a breakdown
Chronic Blushing during anxiety attacks
These live cams help to calm me. I love watching the doggies but there are so many more animals, as well as nature, to watch and enjoy.
Scared about getting drunk
Extreme stuttering
Local support group "meet-ups" for anxiety...
I only have social anxiety in school, and I need advice so I can talk to people in college
Please help. I can’t stand uni group work anymore
Been in constant DPD and extreme anxiety for 2 months. Health anxiety concerns.
This beautiful lady showed up to save my life today....thank you to the wonderful ppl that trained her.
Feeling of emptiness?
Having tinnitus and choosing an antidepressant?
Current research on CBD as a medication for Anxiety
I wonder if there is anyone on here that can relate to my story that sparked my anxiety.
Finding a therapist
I'm so tired of having anxiety dreams every night.
Just me or anxiety spikes when your ill? :/
Safer medication
prescription meds + anxiety
For every upvote, I will read one AOL Instant Messenger chat log from my high school days.
Bad thoughts
Navigating codependency
Feel like I’m not smart enough for what I want to do
False encounter with neighbour - What about it?
Fear of the unknown
Food allergies anxiety
I passed out at work twice this morning and had to be driven home. I feel so embarrased and stupid.
This giy
is it my anxiety that makes fights and arguments so hard?
meds
Should I take a mental health day this soon into college?
DAE smoke cigarettes when they feel anxious or depressed?
New job soon... Anxiety is over 9000
Panic attack in my sleep
Made a phone call
Small Accomplishment
DAE feel like their life is pure damage control?
It’s all getting to me
1 month ago took SSRIs for 4 days, still feel it
How to deal with heart flutters..
My dog's generalized anxiety gives me anxiety
I do so well, generally. I handle so many responsibilities, generally. I don't drink, generally.
is this anxiety, or should i be concerned for something else?
Being made to feel like the messy roommate
I need some positive reinforcement
Taking a day off college because of anxiety but then sitting at home being anxious af that I’ll get kicked out for taking to many days off.
Buspar/Buspirone drowsiness and lightheadedness?
got a job in my field and it's my nightmare
It's been Sunny everywhere I have gone and I hate it
13 Self-Hypnosis Methods To Induce A Deep Trance
Walking Around Like A Zombie
Congratulating yourself on small accomplishments?
Help needed - what sort of medications can I take that aren't SSRIs
Study Buddy for GED/TASC
It cant just be anxiety can it?
My mantra for today when my thoughts start worrying about tomorrow in bed.
This helped me today, hopefully this can help someone else as well
This helped me today, hopefully it can help someone else too
poop out from Zoloft? :(
For those who cannot verbalise their anxiety
I can’t cope with my tokophobia
Anyone takes Vistaril?
Aware of breathing
Anyone from the San Diego area?
My workplace is having a mental health “coffee and chat” and I’m freaking tf out
Driving test anxiety
Anyone on cipramil?
Anxiety is getting progressively worse, and it's much different than I'm used to
Every time I get in a relationship I ruin it
Can anxiety mess with your memories?
Do you ever experience physical symptoms like numbness?
Shortness of breath?
Almost a year without any panic attacks and/or anxiety....until today
Anxiety is an opportunity.
Need reassurance and prayers😔
I'm sorry, Asian girl on the train.
Does anxiety go hand-in-hand with insecurity in a relationship?
I'm so anxious I feel physically sick
I had a quiet panic attack in front of my art teacher today
Anxiety, especially claustrophobia, makes me unable to physically swallow
I used to think anxiety wasn’t real
Complete 360... Help
Please help, I watched a video on a hypothetical EAS broadcast if there was an alien attack and now I'm freaking out and think I'll have nightmares
Am I missing something? Do I really have anxiety?
How can I help my SO with her anxiety spirals?
What’s this acceptance you speak of?
I constantly feel like I'm a horrible person [Vent]
Emetophobia and how to deal with it?
How to get rid of depression; what is the real cause.....
When Anxiety disguises itself as a real concern
DAE wake up in the middle of the night with intrusive, repetitive thoughts that don’t go away for days at a time?
Learning that thinking of change and thinking with a concious effort to try are not the same thing and the latter is how to achieve
Finally told people about my anxiety.
Introductions: finally admitting it to myself
If anyone needs this today..
How to not struggle to stay Present
Does anybody here have trouble with ectopic heartbeats?
Anybody else have this?
How do you tell the difference between negative intrusive thoughts about yourself and honest self reflection?
a nice discord server to talk about anxiety and other mental health issues on
I just realized I have “high functioning” anxiety, I’m 23
Anxiety caused by fear of losing SO
Puzzles helped me.
My anxiety
Two car accidents in one month in an already extremely phobic driver
How to confront fears if those fears are abstract?
Anxiety is causing very severe derealization
DAE get super weird intrusive thoughts during anxiety attacks?
[Rant] My heart is like Sonic the Hedgehog
Can't tell stress from anxiety
Insane amount of anxiety after my favorite way to unwind.
Does anyone have any insight into what may be going on with me? What's my next step?
Diets for anxiety
I threw up 4 times today from a single anxiety attack. I feel defeated.
From calm and collected to anxious and suicidal. My week from hell and open apology to you all.
What I do to help my anxiety.
anxiety and sensory processing disorder
What do you think caused your anxiety?
Making posts on Reddit gives me severe anxiety, this post included.
My anxiety is getting bad again, just need someone to talk to.
See what 'enlightenment' does to the Body......
it wasn’t always like this
Does anyobody when they feel anxious feel that they will never feel good again even though deep down you know you will feel good.
Quit my first day due to anxiety attack, please help me
I’m going crazy
Completely outside of my comfort zone!
DAE afraid of time, of the future. Not being able to be well...?
Anxious for not getting a reply?
Support group
Confused at Break-Up, Feel Awful
Anxiety + PTSD + College went wrong = Its a disaster!!
Never thought I had anxiety.
Catskill New York area
Ideal Jobs for those with anxiety?
Maybe y’all can help me out here
Everyone turned on me
How to deal with interview anxiety?
I went to see my therapist
My crush just told me she likes me a few days ago, and my anxiety has skyrocketed since.
Imploding House of Cards
I can’t eat and I’ve lost 5 pounds this week from anxiety, any tips on how to get an appetite?
Anybody else get panic attacks when passengers in cars?
Anxiety about being admitted
Anxiety and migraines
“Pain and suffering do not negate strength.” - My Therapist, today
Starting to fall down old rabbit hole of comparing myself to others...
New bed and carpet in room. Anxiety causing me to sleep elsewhere.
I'm healthier now, but my head doesn't know it and it's fucking up my school attendance.
No friends and constantly comparing myself to others - any advice?
Can B complex cause anxiety?
Escitalopram for 6 weeks
ANXIETY IS A DIAGNOSIS, NOT AN EXCUSE
Morning Anxiety and Lack if Appetite
Anxiety during test/exams.
“Just need a way out of my head, i’ll do anything for a way out of my head..” How I feel about my anxiety 😬🙏🏼
Living in fear of getting lice?
What does it feel like to not suffer with anxiety?
Constant intrusive thoughts that are the opposite of how I actually feel. Can I do anything about them?
How to respond to loved ones trying to motivate you by pointing out that others have it worse?
the battle with Anxiety
I ordered food without stuttering today!!
Needing to Vent
Just woke up with the worst anxiety act I have ever had. What can I do to stop this.
Having trouble making friends and behave normally even with myself because of anxiety/social anxiety and a little paranoia. (Long post)
Therapist suggested vocational rehab. Does he think I'm mentally handicapped?
Should I be pursuing medication?
I hate this.
I FEEL GOOD TODAY
What do you do if your partner has anxiety and needs to talk to you but you are busy with a commitment (work/school/etc)?
Something in another post got me really anxious. possible trigger?
Has anyone tried out sensory deprivation tanks? If so, how did it go?
Socializing
Lately allot of Videogames make me feel anxious
Does anyone else experience this with GAD
Trying to make my life better since i cam ever remember
I’m worried I lost love for my mother
Anyone suffer with balance issues as well as feeling cold and shivery and sick all the time whenever out late in evening or in a restaurant or public ?
Can't get a job
Accidently was on speakerphone the whole time
Simple EMDR you can do yourself to stop anxiety fast
Thank you everyone!
PLEASE advise if ever taken Gabapentin
Effexor/venlafaxine side effect
Keep trying, don’t give up
Why is my stomach muscles cramping/spasming when I get trigged/very anxious?
Anxiety and suicide
Didn't realize my fave yogurt was ruining my life /venting
I have very severe anxiety and it’s getting worse
I think I might've had some kind of anxiety attack
Anxiety returned seemingly out of nowhere during a cruise(!)
Sometimes I question if I can even be in a relationship.
Dunno where to go from Now
Physical side effects/consequences? of anxiety as a chronic mental illness
A little bit of success for today
Strange heavy feeling in right eye when anxious: physiological or neurological?
Advice/Help for Heart Attack Anxiety?
Anxiety is ruining my favorite sport for me
Peeing A LOT
RANT - What am I even anxious about? It's like my body is just so used to being anxious that it's my normal state now. This is normal for me now.
SO will ask “Have you been taking your medicine?” when we argue and it destroys me...
Anxiety and sex.
If you’re ever nervous about ordering food...
small victory!
B vitamins do they work
Anyone else have vivid nightmares almost every night?
How badly have you been influenced by anxiety while making an important decision?
I feel like a child sometimes
I need help but I'm scared to ask for it
Song about anxiety
Medication for anxiety induced nausea?
Anxiety and the female cycle/aging.
I forced my manager to let me stop working because I was sick and I'm anxious about it
Anxiety, nightmares, insomnia, new shrink
Nothing to fear but still anxious
DAE become violent when they sleep?
I've come a long way :)
Life sucks
Does anyone else sit in the toilet during work breaks?
exam anxiety
Ashwanghanda Organic & L-Theanine instead of anti-depressants and sleeping pills?
How To Deal With Uncomfortable Situations
Reconnecting after shutting out friends and family. Advice please.
How's Zzquil for symptom relief?
Should I abuse my meds?
Has anyone taken anti anxiety meds for sleep dread?
Anyone suffer from selective mutism as a child?
Anxiety after a fire
I wake up, remember I have private student loans and no job, and I can’t focus on feeling better.
About to go on a date, freaking out. Calmness tips?
Terrified of confrontation
First job interview.
Vomiting and/or fainting anxiety attacks. Anyone else?
im very worried
I don’t think I am going to class tomorrow morning
I'm feeling pretty isolated and just looking to vent.
Has anyone here that has been diagnosed with anxiety had EMDR therapy?
can someone talk me down lol
Travelling to Melbourne with my ADHD sister..... wish me luck!
I got a date this week and my stomach is in knots thinking about it
A scan of a normal persons brain VS a person with an anxiety disorders brain
i wish
Considering seeking out meds
Job interview anxiety
I’m so stressed out
Panic disorder
I have to go back to college in a week, what should I do?
My anxiety and dizziness
Escape from my myself
I get hungry and then eat and have a lot of anxiety?
How do I tell my parents I have anxiety
My therapist’s office refused me services
[deleted by user]
My anxiety was really bad today.... oh wait that’s just my normal self
When you’re having the worst day and you’re more mentally exhausted than anything.
Have someone else wanted to die? I mean, I just want all this shit to end, and I just want to be on a room all alone for the rest of my life just with my pc, phone, books and internet until I die of old age.
Issues with landlords house construction/noise is causing me to break down pretty frequently
I put in an application for what may be my first job in 7 years
Why does everything have to be so much?
medication half working
What happens during a panic attack (share your story)?
Leaving my job
Weaning off SSRI
Anybody use hydroxezine?
How possible is it that my loss of appetite is just from anxiety/stress/depression?
An aimless life...
Does anyone else find that their mood / anxiety is impacted by their period?
looking for Relaxing apps or games for anxiety.
Can SSRI’s make therapy more effective in treating and curing anxiety and depression?
CBD oil
Just angry at myself and the world in general same old same old
Oil made me paranoid at work
Craving close friendships :/
Help! Job interview results tomorrow.
Buying a house is killing me
Relatable mood
I'm going to an anxiety support group... and I'm having anxiety about it
I feel like a creepy old man in the distance
Panic attacks everyday. Is my only option therapy?
I feel like I spend so much of my time convincing myself that I’m worrying far too much about things that aren’t true whilst fighting that massive niggling doubt of “but what if it IS true”? It’s exhausting trying to continuously work out what is my gut instinct and what is anxiety.
Anyone have anxiety that triggers bladder/bowel things?
Date with a big name in the game world.
2018 can kiss my ass!
Anxiety being triggered by smells, places, websites etc.
Giving myself permission- I made this and repeat it when I start judging myself for simply being myself
Anyone has successfully tapered down 1.5 mg Clonazepam / Klonoplin by using an SSRI such as Zoloft?
Anyone felt extremely sick after going sober?
I made an appointment with a therapist and she is dropping my case because i didnt call her back
Are there any diets or eating habits that are beneficial for anxiety sufferers?
Deep breathing doesn't help me with anxiety
I always feel like I'm about to be scolded
Anxiety and loud noises
Has anyone else used blogging as a coping mechanism for their anxiety?
Family in hospital, think I had anxiety attack. Can stress do this to you?
Looking to help others
Going to the bank
I think I had an anxiety attack at school today
Anyone have experience with Venlafaxine?
Emma Stone opens up about her lifelong struggle with anxiety
Caffeine withdrawal giving me horrible anxiety
My girlfriend and I are in a long distance relationship and I only see her on weekends. She has general anxiety and I wanna know how I can help her.
Celebs share their struggle
Feeling really anxious and a little depressed rn.
Stomach Anxiety
Does anyone else have an extra strong inferiority complex and judge themselves too much
Anxiety or something else?
child abuse and a shit brain
Right before my first day? Really?
Does anyone else constantly have the fear of dying?
Advice needed
I’m an anxious mess but people always perceive me as “chill”, “unbothered”, “easy going”... LOL ?
What does your stomach pain feel like?
The anxiety of growing up.
Heart Virus worry
Licking my lips and focusing on all of my senses has just helped me with my panic attacks before my meetings!
I walked out of work today (I think they think I quit) because I couldn't smile
I'm having an actual anxiety attack for the first time in a while. I have no one to talk to right now
Feeling of dread
I’m in a place of privilege in society and am constantly living in fear of social interaction 1 on 1
I’m sick with worry
When someone doesn't answer the phone
5 Things You Can Do Today to Improve Your Anxiety Symptoms
DAE ever feel so overwhelmed, even though nothing externally is too bad?
Med Help! Buspar vs Clonidine
GAD with sexual anxiety
How long before should I take a Xanax for a presentation?
Small victory: I answered the door.
Does anyone else overthink to the point of crying and feeling helpless
Difficulty Finding Legitimate Care
Trouble at the doctors office
Since January I’ve been tracking anxiety filled days: September was my first month anxiety free!
Hi
Do I have anxiety?
I could use a bit of advice on finances
I hate that I have to work, yet my life revolves around it.
New Anxiety Symptoms (Advice/Support Appreciated)
Any apps/games that could help against attacks?
What would be the best medication to take after experiencing my first panic attack?
SALE ! SALE ! SALE ! #prescribed_medicines #Better_health #men's fitness #guide_free #prescription_free #grooming #attraction #good_look
Work is soul crushing and stressful
Should I do online classes.
I’m scared of my body a lot of the time
i feel terrible for missing school
Woke up anxious and depressed, anyone else?
What things would you like to do if you didn’t have anxiety?
Conspiracy Theory
Flu for a hypochondriac
Commute to school or stay in my city apartment
I was like a troll from the witcher
Helpful Tips to Eliminate Your Fear of Driving a Car-Learn Helpful Tips To Get Overt Your Fear of Driving a Car. This is A Must Read Article To Conquer on Ways You Can Overcome The Fear of Driving.
How to stop feeling so overwhelmed with The STOP Technique
I need advice and to vent a little
Is it common for anxiety to be affected by coffee/caffeine consumption?
Does anyone else always overthink and start having a panic attack because of it?
I don't know what to do anymore
Helpful free printable ideas
I've feeling really overwhelmed these days. My anxiety and fear are the worst they've ever been.
Doing things to fix anxiety that make it way way worse
Do you ever feel like your overthinking about something that doesn’t exist?
A Therapist Discusses A QUIET PLACE and it's Portrayal of Modern Anxiety | Psych Cinema
Pregabalin to Sertraline ( Lyrica to Zoloft)
Stress isn't always a 'negative' thing. There is both 'eustress' and 'distress'. The question now is how can we recognize the symptoms of stress and when they affect us negativity?
Yesterday I just walked out without any purpose
It was suppose to be my first day back at college today and I didn’t go
I have an interview for my masters' admission this Friday and I'm already freaking out. I know that I can do it, but I'm freaking out big time here. Can someone help?
How do I cope with this? How do I keep living?
How do I cope with this? How do I keep living?
I got a haircut
Need someone to talk to, really scared
Panic attacks over highly vivid nightmares
Why Anxiety Disorders is common in Children?
So i finally managed to pee in a public toilet today! It has been a huge obstacle for me in the past but i finally did it!
Looking for help
Panic attack
Anxiety subsided by pain?
Has anxiety affected your sleep? How have you improved/fixed anxiety-related sleep issues?
My anxiety , i need help
I'm feeling like an anxiety-ridden mess right now.
How do you cope?
I’m afraid of myself and I need advice on how to make myself happy
My anxiety
I'm feeling like an anxiety-ridden mess right now.
Doctor thinks that videogames cause anxiety?
Twitches and spasms from anxiety..
The fucking chest tightness, man.
I think i have Sporadic Fatal Insomnia
Not feeling well
Tip for those who struggle to fall/stay asleep at night: I’ve noticed that keeping my room cool and using a heating pad with me in bed has helped keep my mind and body at ease as well as my sleeping habits tremendously
Awkward but..
I need some help. Or, my boyfriend does.
Peeing frequently
I’m on day 4 of taking Prozac and I already feel better
How do you stop perpetual worry?
Developed fear of drinking water
I'm tired of everyone thinking I'm stupid!
I’ll have to start going to school tomorrow but i haven’t got rid of anxiety yet
Recommended reading for understanding how anxiety disorders get worse
Fear of Thunderstorms.
I need to be up in 3 hours for college
Anyone else have this?
I met a girl that's absolutely amazing but I have insane performance anxiety.
[deleted by user]
Possible phobia?
Nerves for an upcoming event
I am so tired, my mental illness is taking everything I have
panic attacks for stupid reasons
Anxious about new places/people
Now I’m on klonopin.
I'm reading a book thats changing my perspective about anxiety and depression in a way thats making me feel like I can teach myself new, non anxious patterns in life.
a song that really helps me
Anxiety About Running
Just curious question to you guys that are on meds for a long time. Do yoi ever think of what’s going to happen when you quit
I’m about to move to another place, and my anxiety is 200% for no apparent reason. Any advice is very welcome...
Can any girls relate?
First genuine panic attack today during new job orientation
Swallowing issues driving me to suicide
Does anyone else forget to breathe?
Ears ringing and body tremors last night.
I’m extremely stressed about getting my driver’s license
Girlfriend Anxiety
Anxiety treatment
Exciting but scary news
How do you date someone when you’re constantly anxious about the relationship?
My Partner (24 M) and I (22 F) both deal with Anxiety, recently he almost attempted suicide and I don’t know how to help
My puppy is having emergency surgery, I’m an anxious wreck
Cognitive Behavioral Therapy (CBT) has made me less anxious
Anyone else unable to go the store to buy anything?
Do you guys ever sit and run through things you've said today and hope you didn't upset or offend someone? Or look stupid?
I got people to hang around with in school, but I never talk to them.
Medication
I don’t feel “at home” in my own home and I want to cry.
It's been two years and I still don't know what causes my Anxiety
What are good first steps for treating anxiety disorder?
[deleted by user]
No anxiety since starting university
What’s up with all of you having problems with a phone call. I have GAD and never had any problems with a phone call lol
For klonopin users, how has it helped you? Would you recommend?
Scared of cancer
DAE feel an overwhelming sense of dread mid-conversation?
Anyone else feed off their anxiety and make it worse than it actually is?
I wish I was fired already!
Anxiety is ramping up big time and I don't know why. I'm scared for the future.
Wanted to switch ssri's but got vyvanse instead?
A way I cope
Oral exam
How to achieve great mental health and fitness
Serious fear of Schizophrenia
First panic attack in months
Can anyone share their experience with ssri medications ? I’m new to it. And want to hear some successful stories.
I feel like I really need a hug, but physical intimacy scares me.
I don’t know what to do
My mom doesn't understand my anxiety.
How do I stop worrying about my loved ones dying?
Countdown to a phone call
Compliments as a Bad thing? Need Advice
I am TERRIFIED it would be great if someone could help
If you are aware of trauma affecting or being the cause of your Anxiety, this method can gradually make you feel better.
Anxiety Issues Related to Living in Foreign Country, Language Learning
Broke out into a sweat while getting my haircut.. Sorry lady
5 years diff stimulants have ruined my brain
Accurate?
Any advice for going back to work after sick leave for anxiety?
How is pregabalin/gabapentin for anxiety? Anyone have any experience with it?
I’m at my office, avoiding a meeting, because I am swimming in anxiety. I don’t want to show my face because it’s all over me. I don’t want to embarrass those I work for.
Body language & social anxiety
Have to get bloodwork, how do you deal with the what if scenarios?
I think my anxiety meds prevent me from focusing on words. (I'm a grad student)
really weird panic attack
I’m still anxious about the whole thing with my father today!
Anxiety when I think about the chemical "simplicity" of life
Feeling guilty about anything and everything
I was falsely accused of rape 4 years ago...dealing with major anxiety due to Kavanaugh/MeToo.
Fandom and Imposter Syndrome
I invited people over for a movie night. I did a brave thing. But also I feel more anxious than usual.
Just Redid a Speech Today
Poked by a dirty needle - freaking out a bit.
My first post. Might contain trigger warnings (I am unsure about how this works and do not want to upset or offend anyone). Please read with caution.
Please stop adding forms...
Possible beginning of a breakdown? Help?
Time and reality disconnection
Today in Walmart
Medication Question
A string of shitty events ( venting )
Tips on not worrying too much about suicidal friends?
How do I know if my anxiety is just insecurity or proper anxiety?
For anyone in this group who is dating someone with severe anxiety, how does your partner’s anxiety affect your own life?
Anafranil (Clomipramine) dosage
Is there anything more hellish for anxiety than getting on the city bus
I am great at helping other peoples problems even when it come to college , but i suck at helping myself.
Need help - psychologist any good?
What habit or improvement made your life drastically better?
Help-anyone else experience fear of allergies?
Can't sleep. Psych wants to recommend Benzos.
Anyone having a rough Monday?
Feeling guilty for staying home sick
I going with my 6 year old son on a school field trip tomorrow.
Anyone else spend too much time thinking about negative one off encounters?
Life changing Anxiety material! Claire Weekes Appreciation.
helping my friend with anxiety
IBS, stomach growling or problems and Xanax help!
Anxiety is causing me to skip classes
I have a job interview really soon.
What are the risk elements for generalized anxiety disorder (GAD)
Anxiety and healing crystals
Anyone who takes ativan/lorazepam do you feel like as soon as you dont take it right when it wears off you feel the symptoms coming back almost right away?
Ever been so anxious you begin seeing things?
Anxious all the time
Pre-Interview
Magnesium Oil
New to /anxiety
Anxiety worst it's EVER been, can't even function anymore. Last resort...
Help dealing with anxiety at work.. it's not work, its me!
Small victory: I managed to control a suicidal anxiety attack before it got too serious.
Called out sick from work
Sleeping advice?
My father is angry and screaming and it’s making me feel extremely anxious!
6 Things Introverts Do Best
[deleted by user]
I keep second geuessing my self
I can't do anything I find fun because the world is crumbling around me.
Having trouble coping with dying dog
Intense anxiety about GP appointment (TW: mentions of suicide)
I’m getting anxious waiting for job interview result
I'm sick of this subreddit.
I hate autumn
The Wellness Society - your online resource for all things mental wellbeing
Hate waking up from a dead sleep
I need some advice about how to recover from my extreme health anxiety
Here's 3 STEPS to stop feeling overwhelmed when your anxiety gets to you! (watch till the end for MAX BENEFIT)
Dont know what to talk about with my terapist.
Can somebody please try to help me
GET RID OF SKIN PROBLEMS
Constant shaking?
Mark Freeman's You are not a rock: A guide on mental fitness and how to achieve it!
DAE feel like all their friends hate them?
Do any of you guys have this kind of monologue? Any tips to reduce these thoughts?
AAAAAA
Does anyone else stay up late at night trying to avoid getting ready if you take forever?
Help my boyfriend.
I get so anxious when my boyfriend stays out later than he originally said...HELP :(
I love work and I hate it
How to avoid my friend who makes me depressed ?
Any nurses with anxiety here? (Feel like I made the wrong career choice)
Hemp oil is a fraud?
Has cbd oil worked for you?
Feeling like a failure
Alexa turn off my feelings
“Daddy issues” and persistent anxiety in all romantic relationships
Haven’t been to more than one class in almost a month.
I don’t want to fall asleep because tomorrow will come too fast
Girlfriend
New Feelings of Anxiety after 3 years of None
Camping. Help Me Out!
What is doing this. Is it anxiety? Or should I go to the ER?
Trusting Others?
Back on Lexapro after withdrawal, when does it end?
Extremely high heart rate?
Pain.Help.
i’m tired of this
I feel scared often recently
A restrictive quirk; a self-fulfilling prophecy
Anxiety is eating my life!
Well I found this out, what should I do? How do I treat this?
Retail co workers who helped me get over my anxiety. The Novel.
Wine and anxiety
How do you find the resolve?
I think I have anxiety. Here's my story.
DAE have a really difficult time getting work done, then get anxious about it?
Can I get propranolol prescribed by someone or somewhere else other than my doctor?
My anxiety is worse and my heart hurts from it.
Ideas of how to get over anxiety produced nausea
I'm falling behind in a class that I can't make up assignments in
Attacks in very crowded places
What I got through this week
What can I do to calm down?
How to get rid of breathing OCD?
Crawling skin
Swallowing anxiety when sleeping next to someone
My first job interview ever
Beating myself up over my screw-ups but not praising myself when I do well.
6 Things Introverts Do Best
Hard times with family and relatives.
Books?
Chronic hyperventilation, someone with chronic hyperventilation please reply and thanks I don't want this to get ignored
New Role Anxiety Advice
Embarrassed to show feet because of bunions (one small-medium sized, one small)
Just came to say that I love this thread and I hope you're all doing well.
Is this really just anxiety ? Wtf
Being scared conflicts with education.
The anxiety is just so freaking bad.....
PLEASE HELP!!!!! Dating beings me [23M] heart-wrenching existential terror. [NSFW]
Is this anxiety or stress?
Watch This If You Are Worried About The Future - What Life Could Be Like In The Future (If Everything Goes Right)
How do I stay calm while driving sometimes I feel like jumping out at roundabouts and junctions
Safest option of meds between these?
Do you hide in your room? Can I even call it Hiding?
An interesting thought about anxiety...
I'm scared of sharing my pain
This is going to sound ridiculous
Cutting ties with the disorderly is worth it.
Failing at Job close to being fired
I really need to work on not being so reactionary
starting a new job tomorrow, crying tonight
New to all of this and not sure what is and what isn't normal, etc.
I can’t even post on certain subreddits anymore because people are so toxic.
Just airing out some anxiety
I can't fully breath
Does anyone else experience more anger than depression with their anxiety?
Excitement in some people makes me shut down
Does anyone else feel like ever since you realized you have anxiety, every thought and action revolves around you and your anxiety?
Cant relax anus muscles. Giving me alot of anxiety..
Any tips or tricks for prolonged panic attacks?
"the chemistry of calm"
How can i stop worrying?
Just wanted to say, I found a way (affordable) to release pent up emotions.
been in an anxiety rut for almost a week now
Desoriëntation
Does anyone experience chest burns?
Have I overstimulated my brain to far?
Anxiety in car
Social anxiety: Any tips on how I can get rid of my shaky voice?
I’m freaking out
Living with my parents gives me alot of anxiety.
DAE feel like their anxiety makes them come across as stupid or air-headed sometimes ?
How to stop comparing yourself to other people and their successes?
Dear Anxiety.
Not really an anxious person, but this week has been rough
Experiences with Xanax and Prozac?
My social anxiety is so bad I avoid almost everything now. I want to travel and try and break out of my shell. Has anyone done this? Any advice?
How to ween off lexapro?
I don’t know what to do anymore.
Shutting down
My friend has anxiety attacks at times. What can I do to help her when it strikes and what should I say? Sorry if this isn't allowed here
I hate Sunday! It's like my weekend is one relaxed day on Saturday but I generally am tired and feel like shit and dont do anything, then Sunday comes and I feel crippled by stress and cant enjoy my day off at all! No fun
Help
Chest pain
Needs help
Not getting things done because I worry so much about doing them right, or doing them in a way that will be perfect for me
Work is HELL with social anxiety
Driving Anxiety - Silent Road Killer DRIVING ANXIETY
I’ve been in a state of panic for 3 days, am I going to be okay?
I made an app that turns your breath into music. Years ago, I discovered mindfulness in this sub, and I want to share the gift of mindful breathing with as many people as I can. It's helped me so much. Please check out the Breath Player and let me know what you think!
Feeling lonely when no one is around you is bad enough. Feeling lonely even when people are around you is torture.
Trying to clear up a misunderstanding has become crippling
I'm a big mess
“Find the root of anxiety and take it out...no amount of exercise, meditation or pills will do the job.” - Post about Recovering from Anxiety
[TIP] Practicing GTD can help deal with anxiety
Well I don't think I can go to college parties anymore
I think I've have got to the root
Happy to quit but kind of regretful
Does anyone get a dermatitis after an anxiety attack?
I drove across the country
Quick observation
anxiety in school.
Crazy night/Brother’s wedding
DAE have anxiety about living alone? How do you cope?
Social Anxiety
Anxiety after a near break-in at home.
Personal victory today!
Anxious to manic
Im a 21M that feels bad about drinking.
Anxiety caused by Adrenal Stress
Anyone else feeling like they are losing control of their body?
Starting Buspar, what should I expect?
Heart attack worries?
Anxiety is making me suicidal
What to do after a panic attack i.e. physical pain
SSRI withdrawal symptoms while still taking the medication?
It hasn’t gone away
Feeling so overwhelmed with life. And I'm new to this whole anxiety thing.
I had a really tough year with aniexty and depression
Work anxiety ?
Anxiety over moving out
Very glad to be leaving my current job. /venting
Anxiety motivation quote share
I've been terribly anxious all weekend and I feel like I have no one to talk to about it.
I'm sitting a lone in a bar right now waiting for some friends ton arrive. It feels like the anticipation is going to kill me. But know I'm going to make it home tonight just like any other day. And that makes me a little calmer
Does anyone else just sometimes collapse and become a shell of a person for maybe weeks at a time?
How was everyone's week? How are you doing? Any progress you want to brag about?
Anxiety compartmentalisation
What do you think about antidepressants? Personally i think it wouldn’t help you get your head straight, all they would do is supress anxiety in the short term. I have friends on antidepressants but is it really the answer?
When confronted with someone saying that someone important at school wants to see you, where does your mind go to?
Fear of Regression
How to prepare myself to finally get a "real" job?
What helped me with my Anxiety
crushing anxiety about my parents’ mortality
Anxiety, My Boyfriend, And Another Woman
I need to tlalk to the drama kids sonj can do filmmaking but i just cant
After nearly 10 years of Lexapro, I think I need a change.
Can anxiety make your heart beat so hard that it is heard externally from you chest 3-5 feet away?
Welcome to an LBGT Friendly, All Inclusive Discord Server That Offers Peer Support!
I created a subreddit to post about your small victories through out the day
Thank you for giving me a hug!
Medication making me feel weird
Intrusive thoughts and paranoia?
Anxiety is starting to affect my work life.
[deleted by user]
Activities for anxiety
New relationship anxiety
Anyone else unable to speak because of their anxiety?
The worst part of starting to feel sick is the accompanying anxiety
Anxiety at 12/10 going to see a divorce lawyer
You know that you’re having a bad day when you have a strong desire to keep earphones in while you’re in public for the strange comfort it gives you.
Job hire put on hold
Mental health support server with a gaming theme!
How to differentiate between anxiety & reality?
Anxiety is taking over my life
Anxiety about eating?
Victory!
11 Most Common Symptoms of Anxiety Everyone Needs to Know
I'm always the most awkward and silent one at social gatherings with my family
An Irrational Fear I've been having lately
Do you take cbd/hemp oil only when you need to?
A visitor
What helped you be able to eat better?
Is it impossible to improve anxiety?
anyone feel like this?
Last question in r/anxiety
I walked to the mall today
Hung out with a group of people, feeling the worst I have in months?
Anxiety while networking and job searching- any tips? Please help.
How to have a panic attack
Jobs for me? Future endeavors?
Over the counter pills/supplements?
I can't continue this way much longer.
How do you stop small things from triggering you?
Fear of schizophrenia/psychosis (bad weed trip)
CBD
Sudden resurgence of symptoms?
Homesick, but can't think of anything to look forward to...
This does help me some
Concert Anxiety/Panic Attacks
Finally feeling better
DAE feel highly sensitive with anxiety?
You know something just occurred to me
Going out for sister's birthday.
Eye floaters are leading me to believe that I have a brain tumor.
Does anyone else’s body get completely wrecked from anxiety?
Having a great start to my weekend at my boyfriend's sister's house, but still I can feel the anxiety under the surface. Tips to help me enjoy this time spent together?
Anxiety is slowly killing me
Fear of Developing Schizo.
Brain fog and constantly forgetting things
Meltdown trying to find parking spot, ruined night out.
Feeling the void, missing what we were
Things that prevent recovery from panic disorder/ panic attacks
Travelling alone for the first time since being diagnosed. Any tips welcome...
Is there anything I could have done different?
I just spent 5 hours of a party sitting in the corner building a world in Minecraft.
I feel like I'm going insane and I'm never going to be better
Bare Skin Makes Me Feel Exposed, Anxious
Twitching when falling asleep, feel so anxious
A classmate suffering from stammer
Can't Afford Therapy Currently But Want to Deal With Past Truma?
anxiety is NOT your well-wisher
The Great Filter and Climate Change
MEN'S HEALTH GROOMING
I never respond to messages, and yet get bothered when I don't receive them.
Halucination
Does anybody feel weird while running, or being at the gym?
Husband starting treatment for anxiety, REALLY irritable
Relaxing Sleep Hypnosis [3D ASMR Audio] Binaural Beats (No Talking)
Goodbye Social Anxiety
Hypochondria and Palpatations
Prescribed Seroquel (Quetiapine) for sleep, already on Zoloft for anxiety. Questions about it.
Does anyone else get really anxious over something that’s going to be fun?
I like to make myself cry by imagining I am other people, living their life as them, their thoughts, hopes, fears, great times, awful ones, etc, to express and realise my feelings towards whatever I am thinking about. It's weird and therapeutic.
i am kinda confused
I’ve been fine with big changes in my life the last few years until today when I had to change auto insurance and had a panic attack
Why does the water pull you down when you're already drowning?
GET RID OF ED EASILY
Started a new job at El Pollo Loco
Little freak out moment
Intrusive thoughts back with a vengeance...it’s been several years.
Finally sent in a report to office manager
TINDER
Fear of Violence
I’ve realized that my anxiety about finding post-college employment is seriously impacting negatively my ability to relax and enjoy life
Obsessed with the past, terrified of the future, paralyzed
These song lyrics describe my struggles with anxiety in the context of dating so incredibly well
My thesis is due in two weeks. I need to work on it today and just.... can't.
New to sub... Looking for input/feedback on meds
Just had chest pain anxiety or?
Panic Attack Over Contracting Tetanus
What to do if I keep worrying even when there's nothing to worry about?
Spent all day worrying. I don't see any hope for my future. (Trigger Warning)
Friend says things I don't remember saying, feel freaked out
Why am I so useless.
Is this a normal feeling? Or is this because I have anxiety?
"Wishing for a job" update
I am terrified of getting a job
This rude woman called me " Crazy Ex GF" and she triggered my anxiety badly
Is there a life story of someone who took anxiety medication, got better and stopped taking meds. Because surely I didn’t hear story like that.
No drive, and I almost don't care. Trying to find it within myself to improve my life but I lack the will to just 'do it'.
Birthday... anxiety free style! My boyfriend is the reason why my anxiety has gone away and has planned a getaway for me. Tomorrow Disneyland!
I Need Guidance, I Feel That Others Pretend To Enjoy My Company But Secretly Do Not Want Me Around
How do you guys deal with anxiety when trying to see if someone likes you?
Have to take a new Antibiotic and I'm Terrified
I’m not sure if it’s anxiety, but I’ve been feeling pathetic for the past couple of years.
Brain zaps
I’ve been in fight or flight mode for over 24 hours and I’m beginning to feel physically ill.
Best ways to help someone with anxiety?
LOL. Just bought this for a friend to congratulate him for making it through his probation 💯
I worry that I smell bsd even though I know I don't
I don’t know how to cope with living with roommates
My favorite part of life is that no matter how much work you do, there’s always more.
Helping my former classmate with anxiety
Arguing
My story, struggles, and successes
Anyone else have anxiety that makes them feel sick?
Crippling fatigue!!
Sleep is so fucking hard
Have you ever thought that a TV commercial or ad or something was sent to you on purpose?
Is this normal
Steve-O, Now 10 Years Sober, Just Crushed His First Triathlon
Need advice (not a diagnosis): am I a disgusting person or do I have anxiety that's making me feel that way? I never thought I had anxiety, but I think I might. Read post for details.
Constant unabated anxiety
Great books you have read about Anxiety?
Life with Anxiety/ OCD has left me feeling totally paralyzed and unbearably depressed.
I just broke a college camera, a great way to end an already dreadful week
I freak out whenever I compare myself to others with 'successful lives'?
Feel Like I'm Crazy
Is it possible to live a normal life without a license?
Physical manifestation of anxiety
A lifetime of anxiety...
I need help. I am scared.
Does anyone take lorazepam/Ativan every day instead of just as needed?
Clonazepam
How to explain employment gaps.
Why do I feel dizzy and like Im loosing my balance in high places, but I really like to visit high places?
The state of the world
23 year old male with fear of developing heart disease
anxiety and panic attacks
Yesterday I messed up at work
Asked girl to hoco
Is this normal?
Honest question about SSRIs
So... This girl decided to talk to me.
Mc Donalds is the worst place to work is you deal with anxiety.
Long time lurker, first time poster. I made a video about my anxiety.
Long time anxiety sufferer who uses music as a coping mechanism. I finally wrote about my experience of anxiety - being both the predator & my own prey. Maybe some of you will relate. Stream for free on Apple Music or Spotify. Super nervous putting this out there. Please be nice!!
Anxiety kicking in when I make an effort to be social...
Rubber Band Man
Where i live is making me anxious. I can move but not for 2 months and I feel so stressed I have to stay here for all that time.
Anxiety and a love life
I feel like I have impostor syndrome
Is it wise to start on antidepressants alone?
Medical anxiety - constantly think I'm sick
Who did something today they are proud of?
I can’t quit my job that I hate because of anxiety.
Is chocolate (Even in small amounts) capable of triggering anxiety and a night of bad sleep or is it just me ?
I waste so much time dwelling on imaginary conversations
Does anyone else have a hard time choosing what you want to eat?
My partner is a hypochondriac and I have constant anxiety from it
[Repost] Take part in NHS research that will donate money to #mentalhealth charities!
Does anyone else talk to themselves to ease their anxiety?
helping my former classmate with anxiety
I get to work and I just have super intense anxiety like I'm gonna pass out today or something.
Email anxiety but it actually went wrong.
Is there a medical/neurologist here? Will cognition come back if anxiety is gone one day?
Eliminating Anxiety
Mom treats mental disorder in a harsh way.
Heart problems or Anxiety
Does anyone else consider their mind to be the safest but also the most dangerous?
Medicine help please read :(
Fellow anxiety sufferers - growing up did your parents or anybody tell you that you had a ‘need for attention’ or anything similar?
Anxiety before shift
How do I(25F) stop crying over getting to go out to dinner?
Anxiety and diet?
Doctor started me on Lexapro yesterday for anxiety. Took the first one this morning. Doctor said I wouldn't feel anything from it but it made me nauseous and very discontent. Has anyone else had a problem like this where they take Lexapro on the first day and it makes them sick?
I woke up INTO a panic attack today
Lexapro and Buspar
I hate living in my apartment
Panic attacks
Am I having an anxiety attacks or not?
How Ben Overcame Anxiety & Anxiety Gone Review
I‘m always worried I‘m missing or forgetting things.
App against E-hyperchondria?
TIP FOR PARENTS/CLOSE PEOPLE SURFING THIS SUB TO HELP THEIR MAN: DON'T BE BASHFUL ON HIM JUST BECAUSE HE CAN'T STOP DRINKING/ABUSING DRUGS. EXPLANATION:
I don't want to break the rules of this sub, but Pregabalin works wonders on me.
treat anxiety exactly like coughing. do everything to stop it, but NEVER EVER DARE TO FEEL ASHAMED ABOUT THAT!
Can Coffee Help Anxiety? - Another Perspective
Insomnia
How do you overcome your anxiety to attend classes and appointments and not skip them?
Anxiety over health and boyfriend
What type of anxiety is this (if it is even anxiety)?
Top 10 Things Introverts Hate
BE HONEST: do you think anxiety is your FRIEND or ENEMY?
5 Tips to Help You Shed Your Anxiety in College – BBstyles.net
OCD rant, analysis, I don’t know it’s a quick read though
Job... anxiety and panic attacks
Social anxiety at university..
Creative work, anxiety from publicity, visibility and being paid attention to
Need advice/rant
Just binged
Do you ever set yourself small challenges?
Anxiety attack at work
Feeling worse after therapy?
Am I crazy?
Finally mustered up the courage to schedule a counseling session.
I saw that art expressing anxiety is very welcome here, so I thought id share a song I made about my crippling anxiety/depression. Music is how I process everything and find my inner strength.
Terrible brain zaps
Long distance Relationships
Anxiety and Leadership
Are these anxiety attacks? Because I don’t know and I hope maybe someone knows what this is and may be able to point me in the right direction.
[deleted by user]
My friend is setting me up with someone tomorrow and now I can’t sleep because I keep worrying I’m going to screw this up
Feeling like a total loser months after graduating college
I need some positivity
10/10 depression aid app
My anxiety is so severe that I can no longer speak fluently in my native language. What can I do?
Can meditation help social anxiety?
Trich finally took over my life
I've been working up the courage to post here, but I can't stand it anymore and need help
I cant bring myself to start with girls and its killing me!
Anyone else think random sounds are signs?
Why is taking that first step always so terrifying?
I had a good day. My anxiety tells me I didn’t.
Will my doctor push SSRI vs. propranolol?
Insecure
Young kids and anxiety and how to deal with it properly. This ciuld porob be cross posted in a few other places
I Am My Anxiety’s Own Worst Enemy
How much my last panic attack cost me
Sorry if this is the wrong sub but...
Getting hit with anxiety because I may have to tow a car from my spot
Does anyone experience itching after a panic attack?
DAE have trouble mailing letters?
Anyone have any experience with Sertraline/Zoloft?
I did it!
help with dealing with fear of loss
Questions about anxiety and depression medication
A Good Reminder
GAD and avoidance
My anxiety in a nutshell
I have a crippling fear of driving. How can I overcome this?
Separation anxiety
Anyone else get anxiety-induced tunnel vision?
I have a date next week
Crying at work over dying beloved pet
This song was created by musicians and neuroscientists. Claims to calm anxiety by 65%
Can I get out of jury summons if I have really terrible anxiety?
Canceled my dream vacation due to anxiety.
Always tired.
Managed to control anxiety in a class presentation today
How I feel on an almost day to day basis, looking for answers and or someone who is alike.
looking for someone to talk to
Just Got Prescribed Gabapentin
Is it weird to say hi to someone you once hooked up with?
I just had my first full blown anxiety attack
My boyfriend is not supportive. He says I'm crazy because of my anxiety.
Does Ativan (Lorazepam) help with anxiety nausea?
22 and don’t have a drivers license.
Getting teeth pulled, sedation
Tips on asking a girl out that I don't know. Male 22
I'm always scared of illnesses.
High anxiety when seasons change
Wishing for a job
Scared to learn how to drive
The Mailbox
Kinda freaking out
I worry about everything.
I know you forget i exist until i come along to remind you
Buspar as needed?
Stupid rant.
First Time Anxiety Sufferer, How to Cope/Know if it's Generalized?
Any advice on first home buyer anxiety
Feeling completely overwhelmed and unsupported
I’m a failure
Panic attacks and buspirone
Health-Related Anxiety: Headache? Definitely a Brain Tumor.
I’m getting my GED
Sometimes, I feel overwhelmed and anxious about my belief system. It just seems like, your most inner and personal beliefs are actually the most divisive/polarising
Wish I could take a mental health day
Hoping to find some insight into others experiences in switching between PRN medications (in this case benzos)
I just now understood that i'm having time anxiety, witch makes me nuts
I'm anxious of my room windows being open
New House
Can my anxiety disorder get better without medication?
Question about breathing techniques
Accidentally inhaled dupli-color paint pen for a really long time
Travel/Anticipatory/Waiting Anxiety?
constant feeling of being watched
Anyone else hate company meetings/games?
Four Ways To Stop Overthinking Everything
Positive stories?
Psychologist?
DAE seem to have panic attacks at night (while sleeping)?
Hi. So sorry for bothering. I have some CBD coupons for your entire purchase. If you're interested, please check out at:
My friend has severe anxiety and struggles to leave the house, what can I do to help him?
I quit my first 'real' job after just a few weeks because my anxiety started manifesting physically.
Coffee and anxiety.
On 10mg Lexapro daily but still having random anxiety attacks
I feel weird for a couple of weeks
Anybody else being triggered by Christine Blasey Fords testimony
School work and avoidance/a plumber is coming to my house why am I so anxious
Amoxicillin 875 mg. What has been your experience with it?
Doing better than I was, but I still have a ways to go
Anxiety completely eliminated.... for now
DAE have problems with having a fast pulse or high blood pressure?
Wish me luck.
Recovery (I think)
I FUCKING HATE MY ANXIETY!!
I did It.
Busy on my birthday? That's fine
anxiety is not clairvoyance
After 8 months of trying I got a job.
How did starting medication affect you (positive or negative)?
How do you deal with work?
I get a mini panic attack anytime I have to go lecture
I get panic attacks every time I go onto my class room
There is nothing worse than being an obsessively self conscious person, and small groups in your class are quietly talking amongst themselves and giggling
Talking to girls
24/7 struggle
Panic attacks are causing physical harm. Advice?
Anxiety is Expensive: Employee Mental Health Costs Rise Twice as Fast as all other Medical Expenses
Has anyone's severe anxiety disorder get better?
College - Ahhhhhhh
I Ruined Our Vacation
Panic Attack
Banned from the Discord, any Alternatives?
Any one else miss a lot of school.
Please help with some tips and advice
Post Grad Anxiety
had a pleasant dream for the first time in years!!
Encouragement
Survivor Letter Collection for sexual violence survivors with PTSD
who here feels at all slightly nervous when going through turbulence while flying? i’m curious how many people this doesn’t bother at all.
i feel like i can't succeed
Prescribed drugs for my lack of sleep and anxiety
#metoo
Late to a job interview because I got lost, now my anxiety is driving me crazy.
Medication
I’m getting very anxious because I’m starting to make posts and comments
Tired of feeling worthless, anxious, depressed.
How do I "man up" and let go of an unpleasant incident?
I want (and need) to sleep but I can't
My anxiety crippled me to the point where I couldn’t do anything today.
Weird dreams
Illness anxiety, I need help
I can't cope anymore
Natural supplements that help with anxiety
I hate myself so much
Am I STUPID?
Quick question: Does social anxiety bring anything positive?
Feeling anxious tonight
Cried today because I think I might’ve gotten to the bottom of what’s been upsetting me
Social anxiety makes me feel like a pussy
If you LIGHT LAMP for Somebody, It will also BRIGHTEN your path...
Anyone else ever have the sensation of cold water pouring down the top of your head?
Happy birthday me (AKA does anyone else get super anxious about their birthday?)
SSRI withdraw, any recommendations?
Just a quick little reminder for you guys is to always breathe from your diaphragm when you feel the anxiety creeping up on you 😊
What is the price of a Deep Breath on the street?
Anxiety is ruining my finances
Constantly having existential thoughts (16M)
Does anyone else get severe anxiety from college?
I dont know if someone hates me or not
Anxiety, the Imposter Syndrome, and Spider-Man
DO SNRI'S GENERALLY WORK BETTER THSN SSRI FOR SOCIAL ANXIETY?
25 anxiety, health insurance ending
Anyone else ever get heightened anxiety when life is improving most?
Role call anxiety?!
Scared to ask for help.
Anyone have a gravity blanket?
Anyone else listen to the steel tongue drum for anxiety?
Tips on how to put weight back on?
Can't sleep/scared of dying
My Problem
I’m so incredibly awkward in social situations, and it’s not in a cute way.
Really bad chest pain whenever I get anxious?
Overcoming anxiety from a breakup
Please help me
Doing something a little crazy.
it’s hard to describe how im feeling but does this sound like anxiety?
Neck tension.
How do you know when your symptoms are NOT anxiety?
Missed school for three days in a row now
How do you stop from zoning out when stressed?
How do you deal with feelings of anxiety in your relationships? How do you deal with this without constant reassurance from your loved ones?
Overcoming Anxiety?
I fucked up
Dizzy/feeling of faint—over a year now
My social anxiety is making me feel suicidal
Morning anxiety
First Big Panic Attack 36/M
Got tipsy and had the giggles. I feel like a terrible person.
Anyone else sometimes wake up and have their heart racing also sometimes be about to fall asleep and feel it speed up?
Do you wish you had an outgoing friend?
Health Anxiety: Possibility vs. Probability
My mom is triggering my Anxiety.
Woke up without having an instant panic attack :) also just wanted to say I hope everyone has an amazing day, you can do this!
Side Effects 3 Days Into Buspar; Job Interview Tomorrow
Coping with Relationship Insecurities
First job anxiety
Skeptical of doctor’s rec for Ativan?
Moving to another country. Terrified. Strange phobia.
My Overthinking and Negative Thoughts are hurting my head...Any help?
My boyfriend has severe anxiety/panic attacks and I don't know how to help.
Is what I'm feeling anxiety or stress? What is the proper term for this?
Not sure how to handle myself. Warning: mention of trauma/abuse
Will Anxiety make me crazy?
I need tips/advice urgently
Thoughts on therapy?javascript:void(0)
I hate how long it takes me to get anything done.
Help please.
Tingling sensations
This is the Most powerful portal into the Divine within you!'
S/o about to put in two weeks due to severe anxiety at work
Labeling Mind, This will Free you from Labeling!
I am not ok.
What are your worst or weirdest symptoms of anxiety? - Making a video for a graduate school project
Tired of explaining... (Rant)
Need to vent: Finally got the balls to schedule a psychiatrist appointment and try medication and my boyfriend doesn't take me seriously.
Discipline, but lack of motivation?
My first ever post and a lil about me 🤷🏻‍♂️
Falling sensation in head
Concentration, memory and overall cognition for anxious people
Anxiety Relapse
What are the chances of having anxiety and depression if it runs in your family? (Re post)
Drs. Alison Darcy & Athena Robinson, the (former) Stanford psychologists behind Woebot are hosting a Reddit AMA right now until 3 p.m. PST
Anxiety and flying. Help!
2-3 hour class feels like it dominates my whole day
People taking an ssri
2nd panic attack ever.
2-3 class feels like it dominates my whole day (mentally)
Am I being stupid? Not sure how much longer I can take it.
OCD AMA on 10/9 12pm ET with IOCDF board member Denise Egan Stack, LMHC
Does anyone else think that when bad things happen to you it's karmic punishment for things you've done in the past?
New Job, Answering Phone Anxiety
Feels like a 2-3 hour class dominates my whole day
Does anxiety affect work performance
Klonopin helping depression?
NEVER GIVE UP : Best Motivational Video 2018 !
The struggle of when you can’t trust your own mind and body.
Anxious of going schizophrenic/psychotic after bad weed trip
Doctor’s office closed
Help me make a difference
What's the best medication in your opinion for anxiety/depression that doesn't cause erectile dysfunction?
I need help
No Pharmaceuticals
Thinking about getting on an SSRI
I suddenly keep getting mulder to severe panic attacks but 8 have no health insurance and cant afford medication. What can I do
Tips/tricks/advice for living with anxiety
Constantly saying sorry over the smallest things
Constant brain zaps killing me.
Pls help me...... i have no one to talk about it and its killing me...... (17)
What do I do
New physical symptoms
I just need to know that I’ll be okay.
Does anyone else want to connect with people in their field on LinkedIn but get anxiety and now you just look like a stalker?
Sertraline experience? Going to talk to my doctor today.
Has anyone lost appetite and weight from anxiety?
Office Move, Hard Time Adjusting
I don’t know what to do.
New Mental Health Sub for Over 30's
I'm extremely afraid of medical examinations, even though I know that I would probably feel better afterwards. I'm too afraid that I'll be diagnosed with cancer or something. Is there a way of overcoming this without drugs ?
People recently diagnosed with anxiety disorders but are genuinely outgoing people, how do you deal with new found social anxiety?
A good reminder
Has anyone used marijuana to help with anxiety?
All I want to do is smoke and drink coffee. (x-post from r/mentalhealth)
Anxiety and depression almost destroyed me
Anybody get random relief?
Anyone else get the weird anxiety symptom of beinf ultra-aware of your tongue??
Any tips on going back to school
Mental Health and Caffeine
is my anxiety causing premature ejaculation?
Not giving my anxiety control anymore.
I wonder what’s hidden in my subconscious mind?
Can someone here tell me its going to be alright
Deep Breath in...Wobbly breaths out.
my boyfriend says my mental illness isn't his responsibility
Girlfriend is struggeling a lot recently, I need help helping and understanding her.
Had a panic attack yesterday and asked for support for once
Why not me? Waiting for love.
Ever had a random thought that set you off?
Has anyone else dealt with this?
Announcement: New Mental Health Sub for Over 30's
Can't sleep
Help me help others
[deleted by user]
I’m falling apart - Abandonment
I'm having some health problems and it's a 10/10 situation for me to go to the doctor.
I have a fear of my period
Does anyone else have panic attacks when feeling a sensation of being locked within their own body?
I feel myself falling apart
Is a “body panic attack” a thing?
I think the best phrase for it is 'performance anxiety.'
How do you feel when experiencing anxiety & what triggers yours?
I think I have anxiety after a 1 year drug binge
Anxiety and dating apps
Getting kicked while you’re down.
worried about everything I say
Something I've learned recently
I brought my anxiety down to very manageable with self therapy
need to know what to do
[I wrote some prose the night before I finally get help.] A Song on Repeat
woke up in middle of the night from a night mare
I want a more positive mindset but its not that easy
I feel like I'm not good at anything
Anxiety when meeting someone new romantically
antidepressant influence?
Those of you suffering from GAD or PD, who are usually extremely approachable people, do you find yourself getting social anxiety or panic attacks now that you are suffering from an anxiety disorder?
Does anyone else feel like they have to poop, but when they go they just have gas?
Significant other
I desperately want friends but the process is just too exhausting for me to handle.
College: assignments, grades and tests - how to cope with so much?
Does anyone else have fast flickers of light when they close their eyes for the night?
I know how weird this is, but does anyone else get really anxious if the lighting "feels" wrong?
Trying to seek help for anxiety/ocd but don’t know where to go (no health insurance)
My partner is suffering, and I don't know how to help.
Does anyone else have tremors?
I just realized that I have been suppressing anxiety for a while now.
So anxious I was physically sick
Not sure what I expected.
Has anyone here ever dealt with anxiety towards having too much stuff?
I don’t know how to necessarily handle my anxiety..
Scared of therapy because I cling to my coping mechanisms
DAE pick/pluck when you're extremely anxious? I just lost my job so i have lots of free time to be constantly anxious. Today I destroyed most of my eyebrows.
I have an irrational fear of people being concerned about me - how do I get started on the road to recovery?
If anyone is having a hard day, here's my dog wrapped up in blankets to cheer you up. Take care of yourself everyone!
Having anxiety attacks over going back to work tomorrow, details inside, reassurance needed. 😔
Anyone else notice things they say are brought up later?
In need of some kind words after break up
I took 75mg Benadryl and 10mg Valium and laid in the dark for 1 hour doing deep breathing. Panic attack still active and I can’t sleep. I haven’t taken much Benadryl or Valium lately, so this should have knocked me out!
I literally can't comprehend people
A girl likes me, I'm freaking out all day now
Ruining my Relationship
A girl likes me, I don't think I'm handling this well
Keep making mistakes at work and worried I’ll be fired
I have a breast cancer screening tomorrow...
Feeling good
Why do I always feel like everyone is out to get me? How can I stop thinking this :(
Planning a week off my ("busy" 3 days a week) job, but can't even get excited for it because I keep thinking about how depressing it would be to go back to work after that 1 week. wtf brain?
I'm talking to a boss about anxiety.
Honestly wondering if I even have anxiety that’s worth mentioning.
Has my anxiety morphed into a super villain resistant of medication lol? Help
Wanting to feel loved but having a hard time receiving it and actually rejecting it
Is this anxiety or not idk
What are some physical symptoms of anxiety that you experience?
Anyone ever take a shot before interview?
Anxiety Chest Pains/Sharp Sudden/Tightness/Crushing
How do I start self care?
Where can i learn CBT online for free?
WHAT'S YOUR DRUG OF CHOICE?
Finally quit.
Why does my brain think dying is the answer for everything?
Help Finding an Anxiety Primer Someone Posted Here Once
The only time I truly feel not anxious is when I take alcohol?
weed makes me anxious as hell. can anyone relate?
Sometimes life feels surreal
Feeling hopeless and stuck
What the fuck do I put in years and months? I thought they meants my date of birth but that's on the right, am I stupid? Please, I need this for tomorrow.
Teaching with Anxiety
I'm afraid of driving so I just don't...
I’m eating out in public by myself for the first time.
please help
Social anxiety sucks
How to deal with feeling homesick?
What’s your weird song that helps calm you down? Just curious. Mine is “Still” by Ben Stiller, it was in the movie Over the Hedge.
how to stop chest pain
Seem to be getting better?
Does stress brings out bad memories?
Does Anxiety = Genius?
I finally booked a necessary appointment
Anyone else just feel fu*#ed in life?
Why spiritual teachings won't work for you -The Dark Side of Spirituality''!
I'm anxious to the point ...
(Scared of Lyme) Is Anxiety a Disease, or a Symptom of One?
What is wrong with me
You guys ever get sensory overload from anxiety? I need to know how to control it.
I HATE being watched while doing something.
Woke up at 4am with chest pains
How am I supposed to cope with the fact that I won't be with someone anytime soon?
Called my doctor for the first time
How to be Still and Know you are GOD!'!
Safest low dose antipsychotic for anxiety?
I hate it when someone asks me if I’m alright.
Remind me it’s only temporary
Help with health anxiety?
How to deal with people being mad at / upset with you?
Had terrible anxiety for whole day for first time in a long time?
Is Anxiety ruining your life or stopping you from reaching your true potential?
How do you deal with the stress of school?
Some ways I changed my life and you can too!
15ish weeks on Fluoxetine generic (Prozac)
How I Got Better (Some Ways You May Benefit!) (x-post from /r/depression)
How do you deal with the 'lump in the throat' feeling?
Breaking your head about everything.
Little victory I had for work I want to share
anxiety is like when video game combat music is playing but you can't find any enemies
I get terrible anxiety when waking up early
Need help dealing with post-TEST anxiety.
Best online online prescribed pharmacy by far
Anxiety over animals. Pardon my rant.
Coping Mechanisms
Why can’t I just be in control of my mind?
What is going onnnnn
Wanting to go to therapy
Anxiety/Health Anxiety
Anyone ever gone to the ER because of a panic attack?
[deleted by user]
2 signs of a Dirty Mind! Be Careful'''
Anxiety
It's really hard to hang onto the okay feelings, when you know how suddenly and how often the bad feelings come back.
Do you spend money on therapy? How much does it cost in your country?
Panic Attacks - Prescribed Celexa
Saying no to someone else is saying yes to yourself
How to move forward with cognitive therapy when most attempts at socializing have a negative impact?
Had an anxiety attack while driving on the freeway this morning.
Do me a favor and look at this picture.
Does anybody else talk to themselves.
Hey there!
Hey there!
Anxiety about getting older and taking on more responsibility?
5 Happiness Tips For Introverts
how much to pay for CBT therapy?
Do me a favor and look at this picture. AFTER, look at the comment I posted and answer the question. Thanks.
I leave this here in case someone finds it helpful.
Anxiety with dating
Anxiety about doctor appointment
Truth
Good reminder
vent: I forgot to register for classes and set myself back a semester
First real panic attack
Finally Went to Go See Psychologist But Left Feeling Conflicted
I am experiencing anxiety and anhedonia toward partner and life in general, seeking similar stories
I don't have the courage to leave the house on my own.
Literally the worst situation, I just wanted a selfie in the snow
Everything just looks “off”
Anxiety attacks caused by codeine ?
Anxiety is just your brain coming up with fake news
Some of my biggest fears are happening all at once.
3rd time in the ER
My mother just came home from the hospital
How can I help my shy, timid basketball player.
Starting University.
Extreme anxiety about conflict? I just want to run away and avoid it.
Update: Third day at uni and I'm completely paralysed and overwhelmed
Any natural remmedies for anxiety isntead of Xanax?
Do anyone else bind themselves to ease anxiety?
Anyone up for a chat with an anxious dude? (Me)
Struggling with suicidal thoughts... they won't go away.
Had the perfect chance to start a conversation with a girl from work, but I let my anxiety win.
How can I say no in a relationship/friendship?
Thinking I’m acting “crazy” or “weird” in high anxiety
Another quote, hope it helps :)
It's okay to be okay
How to deal with a long term relationship ending
My entire body hurts literally all the time
How to overcome anxiety and fear by taking one important step!
I feel like a disappointment.
I get extremely anxious when I realize I’m talking to a real person
Does exercising make anyone else's panic attacks worse?
Daily medication and weekend drinking?
Great advice! Will try.
Anxiety fueled delusions that turned out to not actually be delusions (the delusions were proven to be an accurate description of the real situation).
Is it pathetic I struggle to do basic things, like the common advice that could improve my life like 'excersize more', 'meditate' etc?
Help... I need advice about what to do about work tomorrow.
I’m afraid of death and being nothing, but at the same time I’m afraid of existing for too long?
I want to be more supportive, but feels like they’re slipping away
Fighting Perfectionism (My first video ever released!!!)
Having terrible anxiety right now
How do I get better...
Does anyone experience anxiety or panic attacks during the night when they unwind to go to bed and if so, how do you cope?
What do you guys do when your healthy "cope" mechanism for anxiety isn't available?
Anyone ever done acupuncture?
Deja-vu
Had A Panic Attack At Work. Now Don’t Want To Go Back. What To Do?
I just got a job and I'm super nervous!
Any jaw clinchers here?
Struggling and unsure what to do.
My health anxiety is out of control. Every night im worried that I wont be able to fall asleep because ill have fatal insomnia. I domt know how much longer I can handle this...
I feel stupid
Anxiety with money
Does taking celexa at night diminish effectiveness?
I have a question for those who are on/have taken Lexapro
Getting medicine tomorrow!!!
Excersice is medication
Moving 300 Miles in 5 Days...
Has anyone gone on disability/sick leave for mental illness?
Hey guys, if y'all are in a pickle and want to vent, head over to r/InAPickle ! Share what's bugging you!
Does anyone hurt their chest (around the heart area) when in the middle of an anxiety attack?
Caffeine Trigger
Afraid of medication
Nausea is finally gone!
Is it wrong to cut someone out because their texting habits give you anxiety?
Feeling as if you’re literally about to vomit—but don’t?
I still have social anxiety at 200mg Zoloft
What are some good habits that help you manage your anxiety?
Anyone tried Hydroxyzine?
Does anybody else sometimes temporarily lose their anxiety only to have it return a few seconds or minutes later?
Can Anxiety and Stress Cause Fever?
Health Anxiety worsens before upcoming appointment?
Relationship Advice: Have a very anxious girlfriend who's away for school
Coloring to reduce anxiety
Weird feeling in neck
Not going home after work
Free Will vs Determinism - See how Free Will does not exist....
Anxiety putting strain on relationship
It’s bad
How do I make friends without being weird or acting creepy? I'm struggling so bad.
Friend with anxiety
Woke up with super high anxiety. Can’t shake it all day. Want to retreat into an antisocial shell and cry and break off my relationship, don’t know how to stop my brain.
Wake up in the middle of the night filled with anxiety?
Can't Separate out what is my anxiety and what could be Hitting my head....
Got rejected by two potential employers today. Losing my shit right now.
Extreme anxiety
I‘m wondering about my situation
Stumbled upon a particular subreddit, now I'm at the edge of a panic attack.
Mother triggers my anxiety
Flying alone for the first time
Antidepressants advice
I’m Sure I Have Anxiety But I’m Afraid To Get Help
Anxiety over CT scans and cancer risk?
I have a compulsion to hurt myself mentally.
How to handle situation with partner suffering anxiety and depression
Feeling in stomach, freaking out
I get really nervous and stressed when I think about cities with outgoing people. For example, when I think of San Diego, California I get anxious because I know it known for outgoing part type people that go to breweries and the beach. When I think of places like San Francisco and NYC, I feel calm.
Dating and text response timelines
Medication
Anyone else have a lot of physical habits? Such as biting nails and lips, picking at dry skin, etc.
115bpm resting heart rate
Fear of going blind
Any support groups for getting better at dealing with anxiety in relationships?
Random bout of anxiety today
Anyone ever had a similar experience?
Need some support with Remeron 15mg taper..
So many emotions that I feel like I can’t control
Does anybody ever feel like they need to cry, but can't?
When I think back before drug use I never had any thoughts or anything the drugs have altered my brain in that way right? Especially anxiety
I desperately need advice.
I need help.
What do you do when you know the trigger but not the cause?
The Dangers of long term Xanax use
Stress from work
What are some helpful things I can do when I'm panicking?
anxiety and panic attacks during heartbreak/breakup
How non-anxiety related medicines effected me.
Its the anxiety, right?
Mind converter
Anti-Anxiety meds and lost of libido
I made a very awkward phone call and I can’t stop obsessing over it. How do I stop?
Why is generalised anxiety a social taboo?
Anyone got any advice on if someone should take meds or not?
Not ready to date
Having panic attacks due to anxiety being triggered by situation with Fwb
I'm confused and overwhelmed...
Has anyone tried hemp oil for their anxiety?
Just looking for some support? I need to calm down
sinusitis is related to anxiety?
I feel like I can’t do anything but school work
Only an hour and a half to go
How do I stop fixating on my anxiety?
Did anyone else feel very sleepy on Prozac? Will it wear off with time?
Not all the same shade.
all my dreams are nightmares
Panic attacks have started again
Whenever I talk about myself I feel overwhelmingly paranoid the other person will think I'm self centred
In Love with Bipolar – Thoughts of One Mistress
Talk therapy.
Call of The Void and Sense of Impending Doom: Who else gets this most in the fall? [TW:suicide]
Can Anxiety make you lose weight?
Walking is a good medicine
3 years ago I was terrified of driving and refused to drive on the highway. Today here I am driving across the entire US!
Job situation has recently taken a turn towards the worst.
Anybody else forget names and words
Do you constantly get tunnel vision, and feel like everything is slightly out of focus?
I didn't get any responses, do I hope some of you here have selective mutism.
Why, yes, I am in fact three nervous greyhounds in a trenchcoat.
Online Survey Study – “Thoughts About Self and Negative Behaviors”
Need Comfort and Advice - Feeling hopeless about these intrusive thoughts about my children.
Willing to try meds. Scared of side-effects
My mind feels like a tangled mess. And the more I try to unravel it, the more it makes me realize how ****ed I truly feel.
Flashcards for Anxiety
Always Plagued With Anxiety
How to deal with imposter syndrome, or rather trying to create uni work and not doing anything for fear of it looking terrible.
If I'm not thinking anxious thoughts, what am I thinking about?
really want to burn myself becuse of work
Is it possible to teach CBT to yourself?
Post-panic exhaustion blows...
My morning anxiety won’t stop.
Tired of hurting the people around me.
Husband will NEVER get it
Feel so stupid because whenever I stay at my bf (20) and im (17) if he goes out I get all upset cause I hate being alone :(
Quit another job before I started...
Anyone else always anxious about what other people are thinking about them?
How frequently do you check your Reddit karma, your emails, your bank account, etc.?
Since splitting up with my long term gf. I’ve been drawing self portraits of how my anxiety has felt over the past 5 weeks. Thought I’d share with you guys. Though they’re quite abstract, I hope some people may relate.
Weighted blanket experience?
Panic attacks and worry
What to do?
Im so scared something is wrong with my heart
To be (anxious) or not to be (anxious)
Does anyone have trouble calming down with health anxiety?
Anyone else super aware of heartbeat?
My thoughts 2/3
Might need a pick me up
invited places out of pity
Please help i feel so low
My thoughts 1/3
Venlafaxine Withdrawal
IM NOT ENOUGH IM NOT ENOUGH IM NOT ENOUGH IM NOT ENOUGH
how to reduce your anxiety by 50% within a year, by healing your body
Nervous for class after missing
I am constantly thinking of suicide but..
Hear me out
Again.
low carb to reduce anxiety???
Anxiety in the shower?
5 hr energy/weed panic attack
Scared of my thoughts
What's wrong with me? Can I fix myself?
Struggling
Okay okay okay OKAY
[deleted by user]
New death anxiety (mostly while driving)
I’m scared I might have cancer...
Sever anxiety about death
Proud of myself for overcoming anxiety in this situation
How do I get medication for my OCD and Anxiety?
I Suck At Being Social
I'm not going to resist.
Same here.
Not handling my anxiety very well
I've been having some really weird things happen around sleep and it's been making me pretty anxious to go to sleep
How do I stop being so fucking neurotic?
Just wanted to rant
School Spirit Week
Thyroid problems causing depression and anxiety...
Any advice regarding taking benzodiazepines for anxiety?
What is this kind of anxiety I have?
will anxiety ever let me enjoy sex without brining myself down?
How do you prioritize getting better?
This is ruining my night. I'm going to lose it.
The pressurized box around my heart
anxiety attack
All my friends..
What's your thought process like during [anxiety|panic] attacks? How do you rationalize things, if applicable?
Is this anxiety or am i just crazy?
Too anxious to go to school?
Can you feel your brain when you are thinking?
starting back work as me feel really nervous
Some art I made about feeling overlooming and trapped by anxiety.
Clomipramine/Anafranil making me dumb?
I feel like a scared child
I just want one thing in my life to go right
Advice For Upcoming Speech?
Sometimes I get anxious when using reddit.
DAE Prefer living alone?
Have you ever had to tell your teachers/boss about your anxiety/panic attacks, can I please have some tips?
Anyone else feel like something bad is always “around the corner” and about to happen? Paranoia maybe? Idk
Can anyone listen and help support please? I'm really scared for school tomorrow.
Ever since I was sent to the ER for a panic attack from smoking marijuana (first time ever & I’m in my mid 20s) , I’ve been getting severe anxiety ever since.
Is he telling me I'm pretty?
Bad Anxiety over posting on Reddit.
I reappled for school but I feel wierd ever since
I'm Supposed to be Positive
crazy attention seeking snapchat lady
Chicken or the egg situation...
A Tale of Complete Anxious Destruction- GET HELP NOW
Looking for help or support please
Any tips about calming yourself down.
I feel scared and lost PLEASE HELP
Feeling Alone Even When You're Not
Is it common to feel sick?
Out of curiosity: I've read that intelligence was often correlated with anxiety. Be honest: were you considered intelligent when you were younger or presently?
Anxiety in group settings with friends by being....TOO extroverted?
Out of curiosity: I've read that intelligence was often correlated with anxiety. Be honest: we're you considered intelligent when you were younger or presently?
I can't talk to people
What if I can’t get back to who I used to be.
Can’t pop my neck in a certain spot and it’s driving me crazy
Generalized anxiety is a reoccurring nightmare
How should I go about overcoming my fear of public speaking?
Blank Mind
Depression and Anxiety Caused from YouTube
Overcoming anxiety
Anyone else jump to wild conclusions?
Extreme Driving Anxiety
Anxiety when my stuff gets moved
Fight with my brother tonight
It feels like I'm not me without my anxiety
Weird sleep issues. Anxiety? Or am I dying? I'm probably not dying.
Sleep issues caused by anxiety, which is making me anxious, which is causing sleep issues. Advice?
Advice needed
Does cutting sugar and caffeine, and changing the way you eat really helps anxiety or is that just a myth.
I Don't Know Why I'm Like This (vent)
Anyone else really conscious of their breathing?
8 Ways To Stop Overthinking As An Introvert
you can lick my cunt… let’s make it a date. Let’s have some fun. Help me out here because I’m desperate! I have a proposition for you. I haven’t had a lot of fun lately and I need some help. I’ll suck your dick and
[deleted by user]
First day back at college tomorrow...
Bullying and OCD / Social Anxiety
I have created this video about the connection between anxiety and muscle tension. Hope it can help 💕
Can't overcome anxiety help?
Anxious after eating
New job starting tomorrow, feeling anxious for the first time in a while
I'm feeling overly down after a sad movie/sad video game and I don't know how to deal with it
Slowly Unravelling and Losing Control
My best friend seems to have something against me and idk what it is
Best CBD capsules/Drops (UK)
As soon as I get over something, another thing begins to bother me. It’s like a vicious cycle.
I always let everyone down
Everything is not ok
First day back at work after hospitalization
A Different Way of Looking at Anxiety
Work and anxiety that comes with it
Vivid dream and interpretation of metaphors
Is this as good as it gets?
What are the best techniques to do when you are feeling anxious
I got the dog!
Already on generic lexapro
Don't know if my level of anxiety warrants medication ?
It’s hard for me to do activity’s in big places due to my social anxiety. Family tries to get me to do activity’s but when I can’t and turn them down because of my anxiety, they get really mad and overreact yelling at me saying I can control it and I can push through it.
anxiety is making it hard for me to enjoy learning/studying
Tears won't stop
Good people
I feel like i cant trust anyone anymore
I am struggling with intrusive thoughts about getting fired from my job.
Math gives me unreasonable anxiety.
Depersonalization?
Advice needed from fellow good people here.
Need to let this out.
Prozac Possibly Making Things Worse
I haven’t talked to this guy in a week that I’ve been talking to online for a year, how do I deal with the thoughts that something bad happened?
I’m really fed up. I need to change.
I was terrified with Anxiety. This Book cured Me in 3 days…
Switching antidepressants....don’t think this is normal. Bad reaction to Lexapro?
Worse and worse
Desperately Looking for a New Therapist
Panic thinking people you barely know/just met you hate you?
How much will medication help?
I only feel normal when I workout
Extreme restless/electricity feeling through body on Lexapro. Anyone else have this and did it go away?
I'm not sure if this is the best sub for this, but does anyone else's anxiety spike when there's a photo op or someone is in the vicinity who is photographing things and might intentionally or incidentally photograph you?
I constantly need people's approval and attention, and i hate it
"Anxiety makes your palms sweat"
Cough
Thoughts on smoking weed?
So I maybe have an anxiety problem and it's frustrating me.
Other people’s relationships make me anxious
Can't sleep
It's just getting worse tw intrusive thoughts self harm
anxiety during sleep
Where did it come from, when will it stop?
I'm so scared of ALS please help me.
Quit Zoloft, how long does it take for everything to return to normal?
how to not let anxiety affect others??????
I have my first appointment with the psychiatrist tomorrow...
If I had to explain my anxiety in a gif form, this would probably be it
Not sure if anxiety build up or what
I hate my circumcision and I feel sexually abused. How do I bring this up to my therapist without being ridiculed?
Hospitalization
Me in social situations
Having anxiety
Afraid
Derealization
Has anyone here in college had success with an Emotional Support Animal?
Scared that I may have irreversible brain damage from carbon monoxide poisoning. Need some reassurance.
I am concerned about my mental health - 0.25 mg of Xanax per night since June
I would love everyone seeing this. Her way of thinking is one that has been helping me through all this process.
Accept your Anxiety and help yourself!
Homework Anxiety???
Douche who might have anxiety
Once I get over one thing, something else begins to constantly nag at me.
major anxiety since starting my job
I did it...
Thanatophobia
Nervous about something coming up
This is a test
I go out to a meetup...cant even find them
No matter how hard I try, I’m still not good enough.
Anyone out there?
College girl pushing people away tips?
How do you forgive yourself for having a hysterical meltdown filled with anger.
Anxiety & dating
How do I stop acting like the first impression someone developed of me?
I’ve always had anxiety and depression and this is the first time it’s been so bad I can’t eat. I keep trying to force myself to take a bite of food and immediately want to throw up. I’m already on 30mg of lexapro a day. I just want to eat again.
Had a meltdown tonight
Yesterday I had the worst panic attack of my life
I can't believe it was all so simple! Hormonal birth control??
How do I tell my mom I need help
Selective Mutism
am i going to be fired?
Anxiety Tips
I get the worst anxiety at night and I feel like shit, anyone know what to do when feeling like doing nothing
First time posting, so incredibly thankful to have found this community. It’s been so helpful for me to read everything you all post. Thank you.
Does it get easier?
I posted this in r/GERD but figured maybe someone from here may be able to help me out
Offering Help, Comments Welcome
DAE Feel suck to the stomach for absolutely know reason?
help? on a road trip, what do I do?
I DROVE TODAY - big win!!
I’m going to apply for heaps of work today
I get anxious when messages don't deliver
Anxiety at work
At my wits end
Im having pressure above my eyebrow and temple, insomnia and my stomach won’t stop shaking could it be a panic attack?
Can anxiety cause jaw pain?
I'm only 15 and although I probably do have "anxiety" I often find myself questioning whether I'm just lazy and stubborn and that I shouldn't feel so sorry for myself because other people have much worse anxiety
Trouble watching cringe/awkward/embarrassing moments in TV shows and movies
Constantly worried that nobody likes me
I'm homeschooled after a long time of being in and out of school, and I'm beginning to dislike my only friends who I talk to online but I don't have any other friends so I don't know what to do?
Just told a friend I couldn’t help them move bc I have family flying in tomorrow. I can’t wait to be up all night worrying there mad at me :(
valproate
I accomplished a goal but still feel anxious. why??
Day 7 no caffeine or weed. Day 4 no sugar. Feels like I'm waking up from a nightmare. Feel so normal right now that it's terrifying. Makes me realize how fucked up I truly am/was.
Handling my upcoming surgery pretty poorly...
Test anxiety
Does anyone do anything "weird" for a sense of control?
Caught something viral and my health anxiety is debilitating
I actively avoid doing any activity in front of people for fear of judgement
does anyone have a service or support dog for anxiety?
Hello Please no judgement - changed my major after winning scholarships :(
When my friends hang out with other people, it makes me feel like they don’t like me anymore...
Hey, I was hoping to be able to talk to other guys who made friends/relationships while having social anxiety.
Flight response is kicking in. And I'm running again.
Weather affecting my anxiety
Don’t know if this is the place I should post this, but as a nail biter for the past 30 years, I’ve finally overcome my go-to bad habit since my father’s death. Really proud of myself.
Does anyone else’s mouth feel wierd?
My Mother
How do I calm down to the point where I can try to fix myself? Please help me calm down.
My presence means very little
I have to write about something, it´s probably not anxiety, but I HAVE to write about it.
Social anxiety but also confident?
I Made a Short Film About Anxiety:
I want to want to travel
Asked a girl out for the first time ever.
Anxiety over my parents going on holiday.
Tried to quit internship twice in person. Not sure what to do.
How can I [20F] maintain an appetite?
It hit me hard this evening...
Anxiety about the future is jeopardizing my relationship. I need help
Small victory!
Escalators & Elevators
Off the shelf anti-anxiety?
Endless panic attacks, back on Benzos (rant)
Skipped a wedding reception today
Experience with anxiety meetup groups?
I stutter and get anxiety when someone talk to me or when I have to answer some questions what are some good ways to prevent this
Lonely when I’m alone. Overwhelmed when social.
Sent a letter to an old friend, she sent me a text and now I don’t know what to do
Anxiety Nausea making my anxiety worse
DAE (college age) feel regret or fomo maybe? Like I feel like I missed out on so much in high school.
Upcoming road test is putting me through hell
My new type of anxiety attack
I'm proud of myself but I'm tired of this
I’m afraid I’ll never be good enough...
I have an intense fear of being gay or trans
One of my "friends" knows a life ending secret about me, and i feel really anxious about it :(
loss of appetite due to random panic attack before i was gunna eat so i binned my food before eating it as i couldn't stand the smell it made me sick. but now im calm im annoyed and full of regret. hungry.
Really need some help. These past 4 weeks have been the worst 4 weeks of my life and I should be at my happiest right now.
I dont know where to start...
Anxiety or memory loss
I convinced myself and my doctor that I have asthma.
Strong anxiety when sexually aroused
Really struggling right now
Went to the party yesterday
How was everyone's week?
Worsens as I’ve aged
Obsessive, irrational thoughts are making me crazy.
I'm afraid of having diabetes
Constant fear of being fired
Going to a wedding alone TODAY. I’m in panic mode.
That feeling that everybody hates/judges you but everyone is nice to you
Fear or panic attacks? Please help me define and approach this.
Scared of dying.
Does this happen to anyone else?
My husband got laid off...
Axniety is like water and fire
Dealing with depersonalization
22sep first shift exam
My biggest anxiety trigger
My thoughts are consuming me
Benzos reliefs my anxiety - but that is not a solution
Anxiety about being fired
anxiety attack after effects
Buspar
About to start college and my internship.
Will people think I am an anti-social loner who has “no life” because I don't use social media?
Again.
It feels too much today.
It's okay to not be okay
I just hung out with my friends and had a great time but i still have anxiety after
my Therapist is shit
Im scared of being videotaped
What meds do you take for anxiety, and what meds make it worse?
[deleted by user]
I can’t handle listening to people eat. What do you do to cope with this?
Diet and Anxiety, what foods/substances?
What’s wrong?
What are your anxiety attack symptoms? And what does the onset feel like?
DAE feel scared of being anxious?
My anxiety makes me feels like an elephant is sitting on my chest! How can I make the feeling go away or feel less heavy?
How can I get through a 10min presentation
Loneliness has become my life
Frightened again. I know they were just trying to help but..damn.
I’m exhausted but cannot sleep
Death Anxiety
On the border of anxiety attack
I think I'm a very stupid person
Dumped because of a scar on my face
Venlafaxine & other anti anxiety & depressant withdrawals
Too much sleep is HORRIBLE for my anxiety. Anyone else?
I don't want to leave high school
Hey you, I love you. And we all are experiencing this shit, better days are coming!
Anxiety about leaving job
Going to the dentist: a synthesis of everything that freaks me out in this world
An unusual dating apprehension
I can’t stand being accused of something I didn’t do.
Anyone else have emetophobia? (Fear of vomiting)
Has anyone else had anxiety since childhood and molded it to be a source for ambition and drive?
Anyone else get sick when they are embarrassed, or anxious
The “talking” stage of a relationship is so stressful for me
Office Anxiety
5 tips to instantly cure your anxiety!
Relationships and intimacy make me feel like I'm wired wrong
Is CBD really worth it? Can I even legally take it?
The Bright Side of Anxiety
Played one of the pianos on campus here and some college kid started dancing around behind me and laughed about it with his friends.
Considering opening up to a friend but feeling extreme risk of being ridiculed
I am incredibly lonely all the time, but I feel so relieved when I don’t have to be around ppl. Anybody else experience something similar?
Meditation day 1
I'm deathly scared of dogs. I just ruined a Friday night out because a friend of a friend had a dog and I ran away.
Feel Best When Sick
Got my Master's Defense coming up. How do I stay calm during the presentation and questioning?
I don't know what's wrong with me.
Presentation today...
Hurt my back lifting today - worried I have permanent damage
Fear of losing her
Recently given anxiety meds.
Hands cramped during anxiety attack the other day
Going back to worm tomorrow after taking 9 months off due to severe anxiety and depression.
Book recommendations?
Xanax helps me
I feel like I shouldn't blame myself for my anxiety
I get anxious when my SO takes a while to respond to my messages.
Scared of getting sick or in trouble at work
Forbes 30 under 30 Millionaire Chris Kelsey claims "Earth is Flat"
I feel like my life is a constant panic attack
Benzos that won’t make you tired?
Vitamin B Side Effects?
looking for a long term friend to talk to daily
Have to put my dog down tomorrow. She’s been my best friend my entire life. I don’t know how to deal with this :(
I can see my heart beating through my shirt
Daydreaming - good or bad for Anxiety?
How to fix anxiety in 3 simple steps
Fighting off an anxiety attack at work right now
Anxiety after eating?
Did anyone do something outside their comfort zone today?
Daily weed smoker- had panic attack- can I go back? Just physiological symptoms of anxiety
Doctor won't prescribe short term benzo during my sexual assault trial
Parents are going to Mexico in January, and I'm already freaking out about it.
A rant but curious if anyone else has this problem
Texting
Afraid of living
Cfs...
Should I talk about my self-treatment history to a psychiatrist?
Experience with Seroquel?
What can I do tonight to recharge/relax and feel better?
Just had my first "kiss" and it went horribly.
Heading to a large theme park tomorrow with family for the first time in 15 years
I need advice
Opinions on Mirtazapine (Remeron) for Anxiety?
Future job
Intense dizziness?
Gonna try something new today
I’ve got a party on Sunday
Waking up early to decrease anxiety
I’m afraid of getting better.
Dont understand people
How is Social Media Affecting our Society
Went go karting the other night and as soon as I put the helmet over my head I just had a panic attack because I felt suffocated I’ve always been the anxious person why would that happen tho
Oh no!
Anybody use CBD-oil for anxiety management or cannabis in general?
When u dont see all the support u get then it hits u!
This is the worst that my anxiety has ever been and I can't seem to get myself to eat
spouses of anxiety sufferers: how do you stay sane?
I can’t keep sleeping like this
Hysteria / uncontrollable crying on increased Buspar and Prozac
Overthinking when you have anxiety and how to deal with it I hope it helps someone in this group if you like please subcribe for future videos have a good day ❤️ https://youtu.be/0pGuKQBjvYM
Sertralin
I want to get help for my anxiety, but I'm worried that if it's gone, what will be left?
Anxiety because of school.
Propranolol gave me bad stomach cramps and diarrhea, any alternatives?
What the actual fuck is going on. My mind doesn’t work.
My therapist is leaving :(
Possible trigger. Does anyone else find the time around their Birthday and Christmas to be the most stressful times of the year?
Extreme anxiety
klonopin side effects
Has anyone had success with anonymous therapy?
I’m finally starting therapy!
You have power over your mind, realize this and you'll find strength. This helps me deal with anxiety
Paranoia and ruminating
I really don't want to go anywhere to far from home by myself.
I just hurt my hand
Help navigating my relationship with girlfriend who has PD
Panic attack caused me to cancel plans yet again
Why is it that i always manage to ruin a relationship before it starts because i just CANT stop thinking about how horribly im going to fuck it up after the first date?
I’m losing my best friend, the love of my life because I need help. I’m trying to stay calm but I can’t stop crying.
I’m scared I will become dependent on Xanax
I’m losing my best friend, the love of my life, because I need help. I have to learn to stop saying things I don’t mean. I’m just so sad I can’t calm down right now.
I can actually drink coffee again, which seemed impossible even a few months ago. Progress, woohoo!
Anxiety Attack at School
I couldn't leave my house today :(
Anyone else sometimes feel that they don't deserve to be happy?
Anyone else sometimes feel that they don't deserve to be happy?
when can i notice anything good from zoloft?
Panic attacks while driving..
Feeling like nobody actually likes me, but for real
Do you feel selfish?
Everyone thinks I’m crazy
so 3rd post..i came from work and rode my motor bike suddenly i cant breath my hands and stomach went numb.. really felt like i was dying.
Some of you might get anxious thinking about death. These tips might help to control that fear 💕
In Need for Advice.
Is this still panic?
You have control 😎
I feel like the entire universe is laughing at me, and i don't get the joke.
Science says meditation will reduce anxiety!
This isn’t healthy
have anyone tried CBD for anxiety?
It’s driving him away
Recently started getting really bad anxiety
School work is making me very anxious
Going thru hell? Keep going!!!
First college midterm in 8 hours
Does anyone else feel like themselves after they have a little drink in them?
Anxiety from being relaxed? More info in desc.
I Need to Quit my Awful Internship and I’m Terrified
anxiety controls my body
Extreme fear of ingesting drugs
My newest obsession: allergy anxiety
Is anxiety being in the middle of what we consider being good and bad?
Help with late night anxiety
Feel so physically ill it can’t be anxiety
If it’s not my heart its my brain
I have exhausted my relationship
I made it almost 2 weeks...
Confidence Issues
I don't know what's happening
I've made tremendous progress, but I have no clue how to put my life together now.
Online Jobs?
3 days anxiety free (!!)
I am a socially anxious extrovert.
help? (crosspost, but need help)
I feel my mental health is getting worse
Date number two update!!
What has helped you the most in dealing with anxiety?
Feeling Hopeless - Repeating Cycles of Anxiety
On the verge of a panic attack from so much changing and trying to improve myself. Would love some comfort and support.
Tips for speaking louder?
Learned something interesting today.
I'm getting a wisdom tooth surgically removed tomorrow! D:
My coworker just said "Isnt anxiety just being nervous?"
Going to a consultation for what I believe is social anxiety
I'm getting a wisdom tooth removed, scared of feeling trapped in the chair
I just need to talk to them
Anxiety is making life impossible. (vent)
Did meds fix anyone's general fatigue?
How does paxil cause weight gain?
The things I don’t say out loud.
My dreaded event when working with a team - out-of-town team building.
Why didn’t anyone tell me visiting a chiropractor would cure my anxiety? My problems are solved!
Question on Sexual Side Effects of Wellbutrin/Bupropion
Paxil Withdrawal
Would anyone share their go-to repeatable mantra to help with a runaway mind?
wanted to ask a question
Trying to get rid of my anxiety
is spell checking cheating, like if you spell check for a french class?
“Someone is Following Me” Anxiety
My life is going downhill and nobody cares.
anxious and desperate
I created a YouTube channel about mental health in relationships, please check it out if you want :)
Almost through my first week at a new job. And I’ve have crazy high anxiety and I made it through.
I need it to stop
Finally asked a girl out and got rejected
I just quickly want to say something to everyone
Anyone?
Embarrassment
What is the best way to get a few seconds of relief in the brain?
My story
This is embarrassing to admit
I feel crazy and confused
Chest pressure and Palpitations
Got diagnosed yesterday with GAD and social anxiety
Getting over an embarassing moment
I feel like Anxiety is ruining my life and i feel like i really need help. i’m begging someone to help. comment if you want me to summarize and i will but i just can’t rn
When a problem with smiling turns into a breakdown
Over-stimulation leading to exhaustion
So I’ve been worrying about a seemingly small situation.
well...here we go...
Sugar cravings on medication
Having anxiety makes romantic relationships difficult ... Looking for support
What are your go-to things you do to calm yourself down before something important?
anxiety about starting medications?
Asking about Buspar, thanks for your time!
I was a curious child (M 10), maybe too much
Dealing with phone anxiety at work?
Feeling bad in storm like weather?
Friendship anxiety getting to me
DAE experience mainly the physical symptoms of anxiety/panic attacks?
Constant vague sense of something wrong - does anyone else have this?
Two friends are not replying to my messages/calls
Singing audition, 10mg valium felt like not enough.
Losing my mind when i'm about to fall asleep.
Zoloft + CBD oil
My Dream
Has anyone ever experienced muscle twitching as an anxiety/stress symptom?
Meditation and Anxiety
Social anxiety story [Vent/Advice]
I feel nothing anymore
Extreme irrational fear of stomach rumbling in silent rooms
I just started a new job and im scared to go for my second day of traning.
Increased heart rate after cessation of Zoloft?
I’m holding myself back in a perpetual hell loop.
Zoloft + CBD oil = the old me again!
For someone who's anxiety causes them unwanted thoughts, does that person usually realize these are caused by anxiety in that moment, or do they feel real in the moment and recognized as anxiety provoked later?
Being so afraid of feeling happy.
I quit nursing school 4 weeks into the program.
Twitching days after a really bad fit with anxiety
Prescribed Seroquel for Anxiety
Where my anxious people at?
Travelling with friends, getting all jittery and anxious
I have anxiety about my anxiety.
Don't have a clue whats wrong with me.
How to not rely on my parents so much
Today I took the first steps to a healthier life and I feel proud of myself.
My doctor doesn't believe I have white coat syndrome, wants me on high blood pressure medication instead
Go to /r/Wholesomememes for a nice pick-me-up
Just Want to Feel Normal Again.
Tried going off meds again. Just like last time, can't decide if increase in panic/anxiety is circumstantial, or if it's mostly because I'm off the meds.
I'm not okay
Starting on zyprexa today.
Struggled with having an appetite my entire life.
Does anyone else feel things to be real that are totally ridiculous?
Does anyone else constantly feel anxious all the time for seemingly no reason?
I walked out of work...
Heart Worries?
Does grocery shopping give you anxiety and/or panic attacks?
No body cares about me
Scared that I'm gonna have a stroke
Told my parents for the first time ever so I could get help, proud of myself
I think I may just have to accept the fact that my life will never be "normal," no matter what I try.
AN ICEBERG - My ode to social anxiety
My husband is amazing.
Anxiety about losing my degree one day
I just totally bombed my school presentation.
Zoloft and public speaking/ being the centre of attention
Need help
A trapped soul in a malfunctioning body
I feel like I’m gonna die if I’m not in a relationship
Anxiety and relationships
Propranolol withdrawal
Two steps forward, one step back.
NOTHING HELPS
i wish we all could meet each other, show each other lots of respect and love and tell each other how great people we are!
Made a reddit for advice..
I ruin every relationship I've ever been in. Please Help.
Help!!
I can strike up a conversation with someone just fine, but ive noticed that I have no URGE to socialize and it scares me.
To make things even worse, now I am panicking my partner
The large company I work at is supposedly going through layoffs next week
Exhausted
Resources for no insurance/income?
Anxiety because of missing out on things
Going out with a group of new people. Scared!
A relapsed fear of rape is ruining my life and I don't know what to do about it.. [CW RAPE TALK]
Is anyone awake? I’m really struggling and need to talk to someone right now :(
I'm so scared my mom will get cancer and die
Been officially diagnosed with Anxiety, but think I have GAD?
Does anyone else get tension headaches when talking?
*sigh * I will not lose my temper I will not lose my temper I will not lose my temper
wakin up at midnights with heavy breathing and then going on panic mode resulting with cold hands and body.
Losing motivation in life
So tired of this feeling
My anxiety is overwhelming at night
Really bad pregnancy anxiety... (long story)
got bumped to 10mg of lexapro but noticed
Holding down a job despite anxiety attacks and insomnia spells.
How to overcome the fear to hope?
Can’t stop shaking, I feel nauseous, like the world is collapsing on me and I’m short of breath
I recently started an anxiety journal and I highly recommend it to all of you!
My girlfriend broke up with me but I still feel like I need to see her.
Dumb and did not realize my SSRI didn’t have anymore refills. Just had the worst anxiety attack I’ve had in awhile.
get 850×478 pixels
New to the sub but could use some help.
Advice and peace of mind needed
Sinuses ...?
I don't want people to touch me
Tough going right now...
Does anyone else only suffer from anxiety when they're not in a relationship?
Took my first webcam recorded exam at online university, confident that I did well but I didn't follow the directions exactly as specified. Will I get a 0?
Caffeine is a bad idea
Do you ever have a couple drinks and wish you could feel like that ALL the time?
Starting uni soon.
Best ways to calm down?
I Am Terrified of...
Anyone else get earworms?
Vomit anxiety
[ASMR] Floral Hand Embroidery with Lettering (No Talking, Cross Stitch)
Has someone with hypochondria have fear to read people's anxiety because of the fear of developing it?
Propranolol and alcohol
Relationship anxiety please help
Stepping on dog/cat poop
I'm too afraid of being myself
"wHy ArE yOu NeVeR hApPy"
Does anyone else have issues with food and contamination anxiety?
Helping my employee who has serious anxiety.
My anxiety is getting worse
Do I Have Anxiety? (23F)
Drs office is drug testing me now
Benzos and blood tests?
I get so anxious about what I need to do that I can’t focus on DOING what I need to do...
Weird social issue. Anyone else relate?
I need advice in asking my parents to get me tested for ADHD
I want to remove my feet
Has this subreddit ever organised a meet up?
I don’t know who I really am?
2 Year Headache Anxiety
Obligations​
Not sure what to do
Panic attacks with texts
What to do when anxiety makes you want to take your life
Frequently and urgently have to urinate in certain situations?
Anxiety and RLS
In Desperate Need of Support
Help dealing with anxiety
Discover how Benzodiazepines can be used to treat anxiety without addiction and withdrawal effects. Free your anxiety today
hypochondriac
I’ve fought my anxiety and invited my friends over multiple times this week and they have kind of blown me off every time.
Anxiety killed my creativity...
Self Exposure Therapy
I feel like I’m dying or have a condition
Feeling numb
Therapy options for someone with no insurance?
My college campus makes me feel anxious for absoultely no reason. Any ideas?
Absolutely scared of sex and getting pregnant
Frustrated with continued Anxiety
Starting a change
Anxious about the appearance of my vehicle for a family vacation
Here’s why you should go to therapy
My top tips for anxious flyers and panic attacks - hope this helps!
What is it about work that makes my anxiety go thru the roof?
I don't know what i want to do with my life
Remember, life's not about you, but your life is about you.
I get a lot of anxiety at my internship?
Buspirone side-effects
Try the Pacifica app! Great little anxiety management tool. Do what it suggests when it suggests it. And track your moods
Current Life Situation; any advice?
DAE have anxiety come out of nowhere?
Dating with Anxiety
Anxious about roommate using my tupperwear.
I’m shit awful at closing when it comes to dates
Different medications for anxiety
I am so tired of people thinking anxiety is just nervousness. I have Generalized Anxiety Disorder. I have no nervous thoughts or anything that I am stressed about. I simply have physical pain that is associated with them. If anyone who does not have anxiety could feel a headache in their chest and
For anyone who recovered from social anxiety
Ignorant and horrible things said about anxiety?
Got prescribed Quetiapine today. What are your experiences?
My story please read
Buspar-Zoloft
Back to Volunteering
As someone who’s had a predisposition to anxiety and my previous 5 years off stimulant use my brain now is ruined I constantly over think things and suspicious and anxious thoughts I think I’ve overstimulated my brain to much I fear to much damage has been done
Seeing a Girl With Anxiety - Yet I'm Always Worried She Doesnt Like Me
Anyone having a rough day with anxiety and would like a compliment?
Hy guys, I have high levels of agoraphobia and social anxiety, I don't leave my house for months. Now I want to do an appointment for therapy but my anxiety spiked because of that. The thought that I need to leave my house and deal with society makes my stomach hurts and I feel pain all over my body
Is there no alternative to benzos?
Anxiety reduced jobs?
So many awful things happening all over the world
I'm completely paralyzed today
Health Anxiety at its peak today
I need some perspective on why my parents give me so much anxiety sometimes.
[deleted by user]
I had a bad panic attack and hit myself in the head
An excellent article on the isolation, stress, and anxiety of being gay.
NIGHTMARES
My anxiety is tearing my friendship apart please help
ESA Dog for Anxiety in College: Yes or No?
I had a very bad panic attack and hut mysrlf in the head
I have major anxiety about my health so I'm not taking lexapro. Worried about the side effects.
I NEED TO GET OUT OF HERE
Family causes me stress and anxiety
I think I'm so used to having anxiety that it would be weird to feel normal.
How do I stop the anxiety cycle?
Asking someone out on a date
This gets better right?
First time posting
i just feel like i cant believe in myself
Benzos make me function
in class. i feel like i'm on fire. i feel like everyone is looking at me. fuck this shit
How do you get your appetite back during anxiety attacks?
I hate that I always feel like people are against me or they don't like me
Strange sensation in my head (maybe due to Xanax?).
Panic Attack omw to work and called someone who also has anxiety!
Sudden loss of certain aspects of my social anxiety due to a week of major negative events
I’ve got everything I could want but I’m still miserable
Excitement turned to anxiety
Put in two weeks with no real plan
Always have a song or movie scene stuck in the back of my head as soon as I wake up. Is that a sign of ADD or ADHD?
I wish people wouldn't hang out in the toilets...
My colleague brings out the worst of my anxiety
Too normal to need help
Waiting for “the call” about an internship
Help with creative anxiety?
Do you ever feel like you'll never do anything right?
wholesome cooking videos that calms me down very quickly
[Need Help] Anxious about UNI Group project next week
Finality (Self Help Website)
Extremely worried about going to the doctor - anyone got any tips?
I feel like I'm the worst girlfriend ever.
Anxiety & work... anyone else have this issue?
what's your most embarrassing social anxiety story?
Antidepressants increase libido?
What are some techniques that will help me fall to sleep faster?
I truely have the best brother in the world...
So my roommate locked me out
Anxiety about past actions having a negative impact on future
exam troubles
I’m lost as fuck.
unable to find what to be anxious about? congratulations then! please stop searching, it's not there, you want to create it you little anxiety addict! one love!
I don’t think I will ever be normal
I need advice on if I should see a doctor
Anxiety attacks at the same time every night?
Highly Effective Solutions For Anxiety
First post.
I just unloaded on my boyfriend. Halfway through I could tell it was anxiety spinning out, and I should have stopped the conversation and walked away, but instead I kept going. I feel awful.
Exhausted but still awake all night.
My life has gotten better but my anxiety has not
I feel like a waste of space.
I feel like I’m genuinely going to die soon.
The thought of dying gives me panic attacks
On the edge of having a panic attack and have absolutely no one to talk to
Spouse triggers panic attacks
Abilify
I've snapped my last two days at work
New to the sub..need to get this off my chest
Good News! :)
Panic Attacks-Tips?
Social anxiety. Interview tmrw! Help
How To NOT Get Picked On In Class
Told my professor I wasn’t feeling well and had to miss class when I was really having a panic attack. Now she wants a doctors note.
Yeh It IS!
First panic attack in 7-ish months.
waking up in the middle of the night feeling cold and panics
CBD oil?
I feel like I need to vent about my dad and just my general life at the moment.
I feel constantly embarrassed
Starting new job tomorrow
Anyone else suffer like me?
Everything is so...difficult
Have you guys had a Tension Headache lasting for days?
I’m literally making myself miserable. Help
Which is better, EMDR or Hypnosis?
Moving across the country. Automatically jumping to worst case scenarios.
I conquered my fear, and asked my crush to homecoming!
I had my first panic attack and don't know where to go from here.
I met some awesome people in college, felt happy and like I belong, then blew it out of fear
Learning how to stand up for myself- advice?
Any experience with clonazepam?
Bombed presentation tonight in class.. tell me your stories!
Do you ever feel like the more you believe something will be alright, that it will go wrong? And that irrationally believing that something will go wrong might increase the possibility that it will be alright?
How do you know a pet knowing they will die?
Word Vomit
What kind of part-time job is good for someone with social anxiety?
3 Hour Panic Attack: What Was Your Longest?
Anxiety attack after hearing a scary story?
Not sure if I'm going to have an anxiety attack, but if writing it out keeps that from happening then here it goes
Why won’t my anxiety go away!
I need some advice
I FINAL-FUCKING-LY GAVE MY BOSS MY 2 WEEK NOTICE AFTER BEING ANXIOUS AF TO QUIT FOR A YEAR AHHH
Had a major panic attack last night, and kept having this feeling of just wanting to go home...except I was home. Reminded me of this quote from Garden State.
Calling in "sick"
Fucking jury duty summons man...
Looking for advice: Anxiety getting in the way of moving on with my life after a breakup
Anxious about others' opinions?
OCD and feeling guilty about being successful in life and afraid that I will become a narcissistic bad person, but I also want to have fun and be confident.
Has anyone got a combination of general anxiety order and OCD anxiety?*vent*
This Always Helps Me. Just Breathe
Dance class had us improvise and it TERRIFIED me. How to overcome this?
How can I stop obsessing over situations
Anxiety about being arrested for past actions
Starting prescription l-methylfolate 15 mg
Need some serious help interpreting a situation
Anxiety has ruined any chance I have of getting into a relationship.
How do you deal with letting everyone down?
Can't stop thinking about my mistakes
Physical manifestions/symptoms of anxiety? Ex I constantly feel like I need to pee when I get anxious
Change your life
You are not stuck, or hopeless, or a lost cause.
If I may share one of my traumatic moments
Almost everyday I have a panic attack at 3 or 4pm
I need to vent about my friends and my latest anxiety attack
Dealing with panic attacks
Anxiety question (new)
Is this obsessing/lack of focus an ASD, anxiety or ADHD thing?
Has anxiety ever made you quit your job?
Doesn't it feel like your cup fills up too fast?
Anxiety around changing my wardrobe - specifically dabbling in androgyny.
Anxious about being tutored
I feel like I am about to throw up from anxiety
Anxious about German tutoring
Woke up with anxiety again
How I feel about myself
Getting through evening/night-time anxiety and sadness?
Lexapro Advice - Please Help.
Making a Reminder Box for SO - What Are Things You'd Want To Hear and Help You
Symptoms of Vertigo Causing Anxiety, Making Vertigo Worse... Vicious Cycle
For some reason I have an irrational fear of bed bugs. Anyone else?
Had a panic attack in the middle of class
“You Learn More From Failure Than From Success. Don’t Let It Stop You. Failure Builds Character.”
I’ve suffered through and recovered from depression & anxiety including OCD & PTSD. I’m working on an app to better connect people and if you are suffering from one or more of the aforementioned illnesses then I want to interview you. Receive a free $25 Amazon gift card in exchange for your time!
It's weird being in the other side
Fired from job end me
Remember if you have a hard time falling asleep, and don't want read a book or do a little work out to get tired, there's apps that help
Guilt related anxiety
What’s the scariest thing you’ve overcome?
i can’t stop overthinking everything
Jordan 1X Off-White Nrg Mens just $100! 👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍Uncle Simon had deserted him for just such
I feel like I am ruining my relationship because of my anxiety
Jordan 1X Off-White Nrg Mens just $100! 👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍immediately return home, it shall be
Jordan 1X Off-White Nrg Mens just $100! 👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍this attack came off, Lincoln writes to Grant: "Lee may
How to mentally prepare myself for a job interview.
Signed off work
Post Hookup Anxiety - Feel Stupid
How do you guys handle awkward questions?
4am Andiety Can't Sleep Life Hacks
horrible anxiety about my appearance
always worried about getting fired despite good reviews
Any hints on how to work through paralyzing anxiety?
I'm trying to build tiny habits while looking for a job but my anxiety makes me feel pathetic when I fail/avoid
How do I make my S.O understand?
Do anxiety meds really work?
[deleted by user]
Real talk? I just had the most colossal panic attack since my hospitalization for heart attack 3 years ago. And my dudes... I feel okay.
Worried about employment
Crying to get through the day
What’s better for panic disorder - generalized anxiety disorder Paxil or Wellbutrin? Thanks.
In the middle of chaos lies the opportunity... Bruce Lee
I keep messing up at work due to being flustered around customers/not having good people skills.
Resources for help supporting my new anxious girlfriend.
How to help a friend when they’re dealing with anxiety
Do I have PTSD?
How do i stop looking nervous in public?
What’s better for panic disorder - generalized anxiety disorder? Thanks
Has anyone here tried online therapy?
In need of a push into reality
Did I have a panic attack?
What Causes A Heart Attack?
Work is killing me
Weird Sleep Issues
Finally realizing I want help. Thank you.
Just kinda need to get some stuff off my chest - possibly triggering (car accident, dp/dr, fire)
Planning hubbys surprise 40th and I had a panic attack.
especially the "i think im retarded" one; there was just a meme about websites that said reddit is retards pretending to be smart and im legitimately horrified and self-loathing
Anyone take Zoloft and Xanax for anxiety/panic?
I found this YouTube channel with 12 subs, hugely underrated.
Anxiety relapse
Advice on how to relieve the severity of certain symptoms?
University anxiety
Should I feel bad about self medicating?
Pre flight anxiety!
Stood up to my sociopathic, lying father
Taking Meds? Is that fixing your anxiety or being too scared to face it sober anymore?
Started an ANXIETY Youtube channel ♥
[Vent][Long] What if it doesn’t get better? What if this is who I am?
Meds make me sweat
Increasing Lexapro dose (docs orders) When should I expect to feel better?
so i went to discord to chat with you. this happened. makes me laugh & makes me sad.
Anxious and dont know why
Memory block
Panicking right now. Gasping/choking/hiccup? Need help or reasoning or advice
Do I need a diagnosis?
First attack in years
Share your non medication anxiety hacks that help you feel more calm.
Rejection
social anxiety is both too low and too high self-esteem: because you think people find you stupid; because you think people give so many fucks about you that they have nerve to analyze your every single action, respectively.
Does anyone else ever feel like it never gets better?
Losing grip on reality
Are you battling with daily stress and anxiety?
Health anxiety :(
Going on a date with a girl on Thursday and looking for ways to decrease my anxiety
Ive felt this way for so long.
I’m new to this. I need help.
Anxiety is new and I can't cope with it
Anyone Wonder How The Rest Feel?
DAE feel like anything you say seems unimportant and uninteresting?
Discussion boards
Why am I feeling so anxious at the end of my holiday?
Something I found very very helpful and I would highly recommend to other people! Has helped me a ton!
I feel like life is passing me by and I can't do anything to stop it from happening
New here. Do you guys get anxiety attacks for basically no reason? or is it always a trigger?
Does anyone else feel guilty having panic attacks?
Ask your questions about anxiety or depression to a Pastor
Yesterday, I made myself a cold coffee
Insurance and therapy
Just feel like I need to vent
Jshxhanab
SSRI, SNRI and therapy fail, what other meds can help for social anxiety?
Uncontrollably crying when I'm angry
I don't know why, but I panic at the thought of sexual interaction.
Went to see the psychiatrist and got properly diagnosed and treatment commenced
Roommate's girlfriend moves in tomorrow and he expects me to be her bff.
Fellow college students: how does anxiety affect your school life?
Balloon phobia
Starting again
How often do you tell your SO about your anxiety / if you're having an attack?
Any advice on talking online?
Hit my arm and now it's shaking, which is scaring me (possible self harm trigger warning)?
To those with depersonalization/derealization, does it go away? I’ve had it for 3 years. I’m 16, if that helps. A part of me thinks because i had it during brain development that it’s now permanent.
I have a constantly attacks of anxiety
Anyone else get panic attacks like this? (discussion of panic attacks and nausea)
Feel like a bad person
Does anyone else think they’re going to get fired?
14 years old and anxiety?
Nauseating Anxiety
Anyone have any tips on self compassion?
I get anxiety when my girlfriend gets excited
i dont know how to be compassionate to myself
Worry leading to self torment
Please send good vibes (re: heights and fingerprints for job)
Dead-end, Endless Mind Games – Thoughts of One Mistress
Rant: I went from once being happy to having all these circumstances happen to me between relationships, moving to NYC, and having to move back and live with my parents as a transfer to my next college and feeling like a loser because everyone else at my new college lives with other students
So much anxiety
Let me say hi.
Getting jobs with anxiety?
I have a PARENT with separation anxiety
Can you guys feel your xiphoid process?/? I never noticed it until a couple days ago and i'm freaking out...
Social Anxiety- People are not as scary as I thought.
241 anxiety symptoms
My self esteem is completely tied into what others think of me
A Few Helpful Ways To Stop Overthinking
Nausea
After almost 12 months I tried more than a few drinks with Sertraline.
How you cope when you're feeling that restless/dread/doom/fear
Any ways I can cure my chronic anxiety?
Brain shivers!
Today is going to be a good day
My new job is giving me massive anxiety
I want to feel like I can take on the world. How can I treat my crummy anxiety?
My 39yo cousin recently passed away from a heart aneurysm. Now I can’t stop worrying about my own health.
I hate my Job
I Wrote a Book
Made my first post in /r/relationships and feeling anxiety.
Fear of Being out in Public
Why do I feel like someone’s always out to hurt, rob, or kill me?
I am job search currently. Any recommendations on where I should apply to?
Does anyone else cry uncontrollably when they’re anxious?
I want to go to counselling for my anxiety but the idea of going to counselling makes me anxious. Help.
Freshman in college with constant anxiety
Anxiety is ruining my life yet I'm afraid of nothing
A poem :/
Unrecognized numbers never fail to send me into a paranoid spiral.
What can I do to overcome random anxiety/panic attacks?
Does anxiety make you want to be alone even when you’re in a great relationship?
Caring too much about what people think?
Bewrote - anonymous diary sharing
I'm having really bad anxiety waiting for my doctor to call to discuss (abnormal) results
Anybody else suddenly get really really mad for no reason?
Advice for seeing a doctor/getting prescribed medication?
Kind of an interesting video to help relieve anxiety without meds.
Has anyone here made a discord or something similar to help users connect outside reddit?
Had some success this morning
Need help with relationship anxiety please
How to cope with health anxiety?
A question
Why is it that when im hiding something important from my mother i get so much anxious to the point where i cant do anything but overthink and stress about it?
Depersonalization/anxiety
Rear ended someone this morning
Has anybody tried Inderal (propranolol)?
Do I have anxiety?
Getting used to a new job - Conquering fear of failure
Do I have Anxiety?
I FOUND WHOLE DIFFERENT APPROACH!
Having anxiety about taking time off work for PTSD
How to deal with the symptoms of panic and anxiety?
My anxiety is derailing my relationship
Fear of Work and Everything Else
Streamlining your routine to avoid exhaustion?
Struggling to figure out how have a career with anxiety
Starting a new job soon and am absolutely terrified.
Looking for advice on how to bring up my mental health to my boss appropriately.
How to deal with constant pit in my stomach? *waking up every day with a straight pit for no reason*
Sucky grades on first few assignments
Panic attacks for first time in life
I'm going out tonight
spent a good amount of the day worrying about turning 30 ... I'm 24.
Any experience with ashwagandha?
Do u get really anxious going outside in daylight?
Does anyone feel shivers when having anxiety attack.
How to deal with heart constantly racing?
are you afraid even if one day you fully overcome anxiety, your past, your constant memories about how many years you "lost" will never let you feel yourself happy?
i've still done way more and way scarier things than methinks 90% of these non-anxious people would be able to do, how on earth am i coward? haha
i've done way more and way scarier things than methinks 90% of these non-anxious people would be able to do, how on earth am i my coward? haha
Weird Morning Experience
not bragging in any sense, but i've done way more and way scarier things i bet 90% of these non-anxious people would be able to do, how on earth am i actual coward? hope you can relate.
Had a panic attack in class today
How to help breakup anxiety?
Anxious of being far away from family
Had most severe attach yesterday. Thoughts?
Why do people assume that I'm stupid?
"accept that it's ok" makes sense, fully acknowledge how it works, but doesn't it, at the same time, make all them other anxiety tips pointless and not helpful?
What do you morning people do?
I'm feeling really anxious and stressed due to work and I know it's stress I'm making up in my head but it doesn't help the fact that I'm stressed
Feeling like everyone is against you and withdrawing from groups
Three weeks into my one year internship and I’m scared...
Physical manifestations of anxiety
A little pick me up for today. Stay strong everyone. :)
Does anyone else feel like their anxiety actually makes them a better person sometimes?
I don’t hear actual voices, but it’s like theres SOMETHING inside of me telling me to feel certain ways.
Do I have anxiety?
[18] My anxiety keeps me up at night, I stopped going to therapy, etc...
First ever psychiatry appointment; is it weird to express concern about sex drive?
i can build so big tower of consecutive scenarios from initial situation that i bet i can be one of the greatest screenwriters of all times.
Had a meltdown on a trip with friends over the summer and didn’t get the invite when they went again this weekend
working a job with anxiety
Do you ever find yourself talking out loud to yourself while you're flinching, thinking about something shameful from your past?
Used to take Citalopram, just started Escitalopram. Will they effect me similarly?
How to go about getting off my meds
Anxiety and social drinking
Mild Anxiousness/Nervousness out of nowhere - therapist said I'm fine?
I finally passed my driver’s test!
Any tips on new surroundings/people?
I haven't slept a full night for 5-6 years. I always wake up 3 or 4 times a night, anxious or having a panic attack. I tried everything. Does it happen to anyone else?
only now i realize becoming (anxiolytic) drug addict to cope with this was desctructive. i added fuel to the fire, i'm 100x more anxious when i'm not on it, like right now.
What medications work for you?
Does anyone else have near constant/constant stomach problems due to their anxiety?
Zoloft making me feel sad
Does anyone else also feel like a burden because of your anxiety?
I am very scared of some dumb things...
I don't know if its my heart or anxiety
Just had to ring into work sick
Sleep is impossible
It's 2 am and I'm not going to be able to sleep
Just started taking Buspar, thoughts?
Everyone despises me
What do I do....
Dealing with disruptive students
Feeling sick 24/7
Start new Job today so scared
Anxiety leads to insomnia, but the thought of not being rested the next day causes even more anxiety... bad cycle.
Those of you who have taken anxiety medications, what’s your experience with them?
I had the strongest episode of anxiety and depression of my life for 6 months and I disappeared from everywhere and all my friends. I apologized, told them the whole truth and now nobody is talking to me. I need advice on what to do. They're very important to me.
I feel incredibly guilty for not understanding my friend with anxiety..
Today I was driving alone for the first time!
Going back to Uni
CBT resources
New Job Anxiety
Sudden loss of interest.
Does anyone else feel like anxiety can turn good in your life into irrational fear?
Apps that might have helped me
Does anyone else feel like their anxiety turns any good in thier life into irrational fear?
All I want to do is find someone like me as my forever person and leave it at that.
Does anyone else feel like they over-analyze every social interaction they are in?
Social anxiety is like being Truman from The Truman Show but you can't do nothing about it.
I had a severe anxiety attack at my best friends wedding
Are my symptoms considered to be anxiety?
Viagra is an anti-anxiety drug with some Remarkable side effects!
Why do I feel so bad
My best friend ignored my texts when I told her I was having a panic attack
Having a panic attack
Having a panic attack because I took a Vicodin for pain from my recent surgery and it started giving me pressure in my head. I think I’m dying.
How I personally have gotten rid of a lot of anxiety
Reminder: Mental health recovery isn’t always a straight path
Not hearing from boyfriend. Ways to cope through the anxiety
Presentations Are Discriminatory To Those With Anxiety
How do you learn to love yourself
Anxiety about asthma kept me from going to a bbq today
Help with dealing with panic attacks?
Dead-end, Endless Mind Games – Thoughts of One Mistress
I just found this subreddit after not feeling too wonderful the last couple days, but...
A quick reminder: anxiety is fixable. It takes work and dedication to fix it. But it’s fixable.
One of my biggest symptoms of anxiety is excessive sweating and it sucks!
I’m an extrovert with severe anxiety... just signed up for something new
Can't ignore my pulse
Nothing gives me more anxiety and shame then when people are talking/laughing while looking at me.
PTSD?
I know this is cheesy
I'm not sure whether it's helping or hurting my anxiety that I like constant background noise
Chest flutter
My friend is suicidal
I have a really stupid problem and I don't know how to fix it
I wonder how it feels to be normal
Can’t take this shit anymore first time contemplating suicide.
Starting a new job tomorrow
Anxiety attacks and masturbation
My wife is leaving me and I’m not handling it well.
Saw this on TIL, couldn’t cross post so I thought I’d put it here. Very interesting to know this is a thing.
Today I conquered.
Anxiety over bad grade
I'm taking my driving test tomorrow
Work is too much
Anxiety currently through the roof
2 days without drinking
Another week ahead
Experiences with panic attacks after going through something traumatic?
the wrong path to validation
I had a bad panic attack the other day and I couldn’t move either of my hands for about 30 minutes to an hour after. Is this normal?
happines is a myth
DISCORD SERVER
Does taking a shower make everything else disappear for anyone else?
Mornings are the worst.
University starts tuesday
For the past two years I have become very anxious and self-conscious. I overthink everything I do and end up making irrational decisions. Should I ask to be taken to a therapist or is there anything I could try to deal with these problems on my own, before I turn to official help?
A brief sense of hope!
Off Effexor... help!
Has anyone ever had this?
Question for those who have switched off of Effexor
Anxiety/High place phenomenon in relationship
I need to talk to someone
Anybody here tried Vortioxetine/Trintellix/Brintellix?
I’m not really sure what I need...
Will Zoloft interact with any of the foods/vitamins I just ate?
I feel like throwing up hours before I go to my new job.
It’s a tough old fight
I’m not sure if I had a panic attack, anxiety attack, or am just overreacting to normal anxiety.
Anxiety from online comments
High Schooler looking for advice
I don’t know how to handle my anxiety any more
Reoccurring Panic Attacks
Altered state brought on by anxiety (x-post /r/mentalhealth)
How to know if you have a bad psychiatrist? How do I know if I have a good psychiatrist?
Is this breast cancer? ( PICS)
Started uni is hellish.
Started driving again yesterday, after a two year break.
Impending sense of doom this evening. No trigger and I can’t shake it. Any tips?
Advice with dealing with low blood sugar anxiety.
Should I show my doctor the pills I took, which I shouldn't have taken?
Anxiety of death
Question for Anxious Individuals who are parents
Please remove this if it’s not allowed but I really need help
School had a huge impact on the anxiety I have today
I forgot to take my antidepressants and birth control yesterday.
Date
what if i just said 'fuck it' and let myself just be my weird ass self?
New Feelings of Anxiety - Unsure of Cause
Chronic tension headaches
Falling back
Crippling social fear
Is chest pain associated with panic attacks actually in the middle of the chest or can it be anywhere?
[18M] Every day feels like a nightmare I can’t wake up from
My classmates are getting together to get to know one another tonight
I'm in the middle of a fight with my boyfriend, and it's torture for my anxiety. I need reassurance, kind words ... anything
It’s coming back... my trauma
Does knowledge of the "fight or flight" response actually help anyone with their anxiety?
Does Mirtazapine interact with these?
I saw this on YouTube today - Natural Cure for Anxiety Teal Swan
I’m doubting my ability to do this job
My brain when I feel happy:
Podcasts
How do you handle your anxiety in social events?
I know not to fear what other people think but my body doesn’t care, anyone else?
Weighted Blanket Update
How can I stop beating myself up?
How's everyone doing?
You're not alone
College is stressing me out even more
MASSIVE FEAR OF THE WORLD ENDING
I'm wondering if anyone else can relate to this particular type of work-related anxiety
I kicked anxiety’s butt last night
Someone please help me
Does anyone have chest pains from anxiety?
The fear of losing control? And some general questions
How can I narrow down the "junk" in my bedroom?
Feeling discouraged due to a recent flare up of anxiety. Need tips for coping
I have depression and anxiety.
Worrying about the small stuff
did anyone have cold/flu symptoms when starting fluoxetine/prozac? or do i actually have a cold/flu?
Anxiety and GCSE Oral exam
Does anyone else ask themselves why?
What do you do against health-anxiety?
UPDATE to a post 30 days ago.
Fear of schizophrenia, smoking weed
High blood pressure after hours without Xanax?
Hyperarousal Insomnia
I’m guilty of mistaking anxiety for butterflies every time. These girls are right on point.
How would you guys describe your anxiety patterns? Do you have it all the time, only when certain things trigger you, or how does it work? What helps to reduce it?
Need tips
My husband keeps unknowingly making my anxiety worse.
September 16 2018 Turquoise
I gotta remind myself that it's ok to feel anxious every once in a while. I don't need to beat myself up for feeling this way. I don't need to find relief. Or so the reasons why I'm feeling it. Just accept it let it pass and life goes on.
Oh full nights sleep how I miss you
I'm stressed all the time
Applying for jobs with no relevant experience
Can Anxiety Affect You Even When You're Not Thinking About It?
Always anxious about change
Last night went horibble, and I felt good and terrible at the same time.
My friends are never there for me
So I've convinced myself that my friends hate spending time with me
I moved to this area with my husband four years ago. We made our first friend within the last 6 months and he’s someone we became so close with, so fast. He had to suddenly move with short notice. I just said goodbye and i’m sobbing in my truck because I can’t even imagine life without him.
Job Interviews
Different Types of Anxiety Disorders
The precense of work in my day makes me incredibly anxious.
Describing my depression and anxiety to my husband.
Does anybody’s anxiety go away as soon as they lay down in bed?
Spent all month feeling anxious for the move... time comes... apartment is unlivable
anxiety rabbit hole
Panic attacks and box breathing.
How to move on
Overcoming tonight's anxiety attack through workout
Neck/head tension after panic-attack?
What are your favorite ways to journal?
I want to go to therapy. How do I start?
14m lost my virginity today.. feeling very sad and guilty.
How to Recognise Anxiety in Yourself and Others
How to Recognise Anxiety in Yourself and Others
I want to stop concerning myself with the fear of losing touch with reality...
Does this sound like I (F25) have an anxiety problem?
Palpitations Help
I'm having a bad day
I can't pull the trigger!
How to deal with the muscle tension?
I get panic attacks right before going to sleep and then I can't fall asleep the whole night
I finally have an appointment with a therapist. What should I expect and how should I "prepare"?
Too scared to keep on living
Does anyone else use makeup as a coping mechanism for anxiety?
Constant Heart Palpations
Thinking in words
مقطع لرولا في حمام السباحه للكبار فقط18+
Possibly getting a job offer in a few days, and I'm absolutely terrified.
Panic Attacks / Feeling Like My Heart Is About To Freaking Explode
How to stop feeling dizzy / faint
Hunger anxiety
Worst anxiety
Any advice to help me with a social gathering tonight?
I keep having these body "jerks" or "spasms" whenever I get lost in negative thoughts
Why does the anxiety always come back?
How to deal with the feeling of not knowing what I'm doing (quarter-life crisis?)
I am SO sick of crying.
Just wondered if anyone had any experience with fantasy addiction (tv, internet, daydreaming)
I just to distract myself from my anxiety
How do you handle social anxiety
Just wanna vent
Guys I need serious help right now
anxiety over someone being silent when expecting them to say something
I almost got hit by a car today... :(
The Appearance of Control
Depressed at night, Anxiety during the day.
Someone asked me why I was feeling down.
I can’t escape
My anxiety and confidence is so bad
Caffeine induced anxiety attack
Jobs without Presentations - Anxiety
A confrontation with the police.
I relapsed. I’m going back to see my therapist again after almost more than a year
Felt personally called-out by this commentary in my anatomy and physiology textbook lol
What are your favorite podcasts to help with anxiety that aren't about anxiety? I just listened to this one with gnash and made me feel very at ease. It's not about anxiety directly, but a lot of meditation and focusing on the moment (podcast)
About anger at family reunions
I came across this quote that describes my relationship with my anxiety perfectly
Anyone want to pound my little wet pussy with a huge dick?
Anxiety Disappeared After MRI?
Coffee and Anxiety
I need to see a therapist
How did your anxiety start? How were you able to pinpoint the reason behind it?
I guess I just need to vent.
CBD Oil and Anxiety
Some guy shouted at me on my bike
Fuck this
Not sure what I’m feeling
My acceptance is unacceptable, and I feel overwhelmed when trying to fix it. How do I push past it?
My experience with Magic Mushrooms
Has EMDR significantly helped anyone here, especially self applied?
Going into town
Today I didn’t go into my interview for a job because I was too nervous.
Giving into Anxiety in a new relationship
I don't know what to do (trigger warning: suicide)
Which anxiety medication has greatly reduced your anxiety without much side effects ?
Is this what anxiety feels like?
Constantly anxious about the future?
Physical symptoms even without anxious thoughts
Oof. Hitting me hard right now
Panic attacks :(
Is it normal to have fun while drinking then feel depressed and over-analyse everything you did when you sober up?
Do anxiety meds help with paranoia? What are the pros/cons of anxiety meds for this?
Small Discord Server To Vent and Discuss Mental Health Topics
started zoloft
Medication withdrawal(missing a day) symptoms changing
Anyone else hate being told "You worry too much"?
My new boyfriend's toilet has no door/privacy. Highly anxious. What must I do.
Does anyone else faint from their anxiety?
I'm so depressed, I hate the constant anxiety. I hate how my life is and I'm considering a permanent solution because nothing works. I never feel relaxed and I'm sick of feeling overloaded with it all..
Just had a panic attack and I feel like my mind ran through a marathon
Just falling apart due to anxiety not sure where I should post this.
The world need to be reform, I need to be a drugs pastor. We've need a d*** Bible with chapters and verses of prescription and not medical books 📚. Fuck this shit.
please help
Does social media cause anxiety to you and what do you do against it?
What do I tell co-workers after being in a clinic?
How can I combat the knot/dread feeling in my stomach?
How I Defeated Social Anxiety
Anxiety from good things
How do I help my boyfriend
After more than a year of unhealthy relationship, I finally let go.
ARE WE FRIENDS OR NOT?!
Impending doom
I have straight up lost it. Sensory overload and I have broke 😂
Nothing relieves my anxiety like alcohol
It's getting worse
Sexually harassed by an unknown caller; can’t trust anyone right now and afraid to leave house at night
Long distance friend/crush
What I get for having a good ish day.
These two supplements have been a lifesaver. Anxiety has been greatly reduced
I'm not applying to that job! (Scheduling, work, and anxiety issues)
So ive been diagnosed with general anxiety
I think i have Anxiety Disorder
When I feel fine, but physically my anxiety is getting the best of me.
Eye contact
Stutter
Anxiety in Relationships
Looking for advice for how to make things easier for my roommate with anxiety
terrified of the super volcano in Yellowstone erupting
Rejection
I haven't left home for almost 2 years, I want to go out today and see a psychologist but I'm too anxious and paranoid to do that
The day i almost killed my self, my friends saved me, and i decided i had to clean the kitchen
Just went on a date with a girl I never met. Absolutely nailed it even though I have anxiety pretty bad.
I’m starting therapy in 5 months, what are the benefits and what should I expect?
Can’t stop thinking how I have limited days.
Worste anxiety I have ever felt in my entire life!
Stupid internet
An Amazing Tool For Panic Attacks - Use To Help Calm Down & Reduce Anxiety
Anxious all the time.
First counselling session
Serious problem! PLEASE HELP
Is it just me...
My thoughts are plagued by increasingly irrational fears.
I’m afraid to fall asleep because I’m scared I won’t wake up and other looming death anxiety symptoms.
Anxiety has always kept me from being able to grow my nails. This means more than anyone will ever know.
I was called a stupid fat girl and I've been doubting myself since.
Tinnitus anxiety
Text, video or audio resources for learning to drive as an adult and dealing with anxiety?
Job triggers my anxiety
I’ve never been able to grow my nails and this was a bigger step than anyone would ever know!
FUCK YOU ANXIETY
Anyone here have not been outside for days/weeks/months?
Can Anxiety give you false symptoms.
I have forced myself to talk to people and it’s made me like 100x more confident.
Phone anxiety is hurting my entire family
I fear ruining my close friendship due to my anxiety. Please help!
The day after anxiety
Been in a state of panic since yesterday. Wasn’t able to sleep well at night and feel even worse today. On the verge of throwing up. Can’t take this.
Left side chest pain for days from anxiety and panic
I was having an episode at work today. I work outside for my job, so I paused everything and took a walk listening to “Good Day Sunshine” by the Beatles and my anxiety melted away. Never underestimate a five minute break from reality with a pleasant song as a friend.
Hurricane worsening anxiety
I need help
Coping with a new environment, away from friends. How did you cope and accept it?
A minor success but a success nonetheless.
How to deal with anxiety? (X-Post from r/self)
When your boss texts you “hey let’s chit chat next week”
Anxiety everyday is making me exhausted.
I am terrified of making people angry
Zoloft - "Lump in Throat" sensation
does it get better?
When to get help?
I feel like I have OCPD/OCD/Purist Tendencies and I wanted some Advice on how to deal with the Issue.
Pls share stories of numbness going away
Lil help. No feeling tho....
Things I’d like to say to my anxiety.
I just want someone to talk to
Recent panic attacks ruining my life
I want to quit my job.
How to help husband
6 days pain-free, all back after an anxiety event.
Just missed a job oportunity due to extreme anxiety
I finally opened up!!
About to start a new job.. freaking out.
Advice on how to network with anxiety?
Withdrawing from university and I'm so ashamed of it
Is realizing your anxious worse?
Headspace - and hope.
How to feel normal again?
[deleted by user]
Everyone has anxiety, I have it with relationships and need help to turn it around
I skipped school because of overwhelming anxiety from ignoring my homework
I feel like i'm going to die alone
Prescribed medication
Peeps on Antidepressants and the like with anxiety, how do you balance out the therapeutic effects with the increased risk of dementia?
[deleted by user]
Good vibes
I've been diagnosed with GAD
Help: Anxiety Flair Up
I keep worrying about having a psychotic breakdown...
I’m going to University in a couple of days...
Can any of you recommend any good, online therapy sites?
Fuck you anxiety.
Homesickness and feelings for someone else
Abandonment issues and feeling so betrayed and heart broken. Someone please talk to me. Please help me. I don’t know what to do.
Child molester getting sentenced today
Husband looking for advice
Failed my math test
Turning 18 soon, going to be discharged from my adolescent mental health service. Not coping well
Does my anxiety really cause *everything*?!
I had a good therapy session and im going to a moderately sized party!!!
Creators: how do you manage your anxiety?
Has anyone read this?
My partner has severe anxiety after falling pregnant.
I get the worst possible anxiety when traveling
Post drinking anxiety
Popped a propranolol
3 years of craziness and now everything sucks
What other medical interventions should I bring up to my psychologist/psychiatrist?
Everything seems too much at the moment...
Has anyone tried seroquel?
Quick question regarding Citalopram
Rant: I Don't Call Because Talking Openly About It Is the Furthest from What I *Can* Do!
advice please
Can certain people trigger anxiety?
My pdoc just added propranolol to the mix! What’s your opinion about it? Anything I should know?
Rant. Overstepped my comfort zone with new friends and got shot down
My story with and escort
I keep turning down invitations and I don't want to keep doing this
Starting buspirone tomorrow
Just had an argument with a friend.
I’ve relapsed (I don’t if it’s the right terminology)
Welcome anxiety
Situation at school made me feel like my heart is going to explode
are there any otc medications i can take for anxiety?
Sometimes, I get really anxious right before I usually take my medication.
Constant anxiety about time and being late to things?
I'm going through a lot of relationship anxiety. I just want it to stop. Anyone else with me?
Had a panic attack at work.
What do you do online when you’re feeling anxious?
Excitement same symptoms?
Big win tonight!! Wanted to tell the world.
Advice for managing anxiety post-graduating?
I want to learn about my mind/anxiety and rewire my negative mindset towards a positive one
Anxious about the future
unintentional destroying your own happiness
Small victories
At my session today, the "D" word came up
Does anybody else have a fear of vomiting?
Terrified of growing old and death
Those whi have violent anxiety thoughts please dont be afraid
I'd really like to know what helps you
The anxiety I get before bed is awful and nauseating. I was recently prescribed Xanax on an as-needed basis, but I'm worried that I'll become reliant on taking one before I go to sleep every night.
Flair
Not sure if I should do homeschooling or not
Got outside today and applied for jobs!
What causes your panic attacks?
Anxiety affecting relationships
Anxiety on top of anxiety.
Really bad breathing problems
I swear out loud when cringing
I need help
Today I decided to finally start opening up again.
Therapist made me feel like shit
Learning gives me anxiety
Ive been dealing with anxiety for 16 years.
Does anyone else wake up in the middle of the night for a drink, or something, and your body starts producing anxiety for no reason?
CBD oil for GAD?
Decisions give me anxiety. And I always go back on them
How do I not feel anxiety about the future?
[ASMR] Bedtime Reading: The Rainbow Fish (Soft Spoken)
(mentions abuse) I'm 17 and had the worst panic attacks of my life today, really just need to vent
Scared About Surgery
You are stronger than you think <3
Am I crazy or what?
Great Article on the Word "Busy" for Those Suffering with Depression
Great Article on Depression
DAE Get Shaky Breath?
Does anyone else ever get the sweats really bad when anxious?
Anxiety meds
I feel like I'm losing my mind.
Advice please! *Possible triggers*
I can’t decide what to do with my life and the anxiety is killing me inside
What do you do when a person becomes a trigger?
Afraid to forgive myself
tomorrow is my first day at work - after 6 months unemployed - and I'm freaking out
I just lol'ed (but true)
You are important. You are loved. You matter. You are not your anxiety. You are a wonderful human. I am grateful we are here for each other.
Advice for getting out of a deep dark abyss of negative thoughts?
Dealing with some extreme health anxiety
Anxiety free until migraine hit yesterday
Offering my ear if anyone would like to talk
Anxiety about language, working and studying abroad
I had a panic attack in school today
I’m thinking about giving up on counseling? College student?
I'm proud of all of you for staying strong and not giving up! You rock!
How many of you struggle with Emetophobia (fear of vomiting)?
University is causing me so much guilt and anxiety
All my anxiety is CURED! LIFE is AMAZING?
Citalopram withdrawal
I don't feel that I'll ever have the foundation and fortitude to survive the stresses of life.
Some music that's helped me at times
Anyone else hate change and feel it makes your anxiety way more worse than it already is?
My job is making me physically ill and suicidal
Smoking causing these feelings?
I get anxiety when hungry, anyone else?
Feeling trapped.
Is there a psychologist or psychiatrist in this sub I could talk for a moment?
The issue has been solved (ish), I’m okay, I’m supported - then why won’t the anxiety go away?
Toilet anxiety at concerts?
"Inverted" social anxiety?
panic attacks just put me out for the whole day
In a constant suffering state
Getting told I have autism, when I don't
software developer job interviewing / rejection / performance anxiety
Keep Fighting On - You Can Do It
Anxiety and Dizziness
15 years of Anxiety - Feeling completely empty - Stuck in a loop
I really need help
Anxiety from taking anxiety meds
Does anyone, hopefully other formerly overweight folks, have any success stories with mirtazapine where they had the benefits and managed the side effects successfully?
"Becoming an adult" anxiety?
I think I'm getting too paranoid..
It's up to you
Buy Ativan UK- Lorazepam Online UK- Buy Ativan 2mg UK
First therapy appointment in an hour
[Health] Worried sick about cancer
Psychotic Anxiety?
Feeling Alone and Frustrated
Question for the ladies: did you notice any affect on your anxiety from taking hormonal birth control? I think it’s really exacerbated my anxiety.
How To Deal With Anxiety 2018 - THE QUICKEST WAY !
In a rut.
I keep getting anxious I won't be able to learn anything when I get older
3rd week at new job, already called out "sick"
Suggestibility?
I'm awkward. Like really.
Illustrations With Deep Meanings
How many of you are using medication for anxiety?
Why am I always a target?
I'm pretty f*cked up right now
Anybody else feel a bit better going to bed, then wake up with a pit in their stomach shaking constantly?
Don’t know what to do about job situation
Does anyone else get nervous about doing things you have only done “before anxiety”?
What helped me.
I'm tired. So, so tired. :(
Could not walk into class
A storm in my head, a blankness in my presence.
Feelsbadman
Student causing Anxiety
Sometimes my anxiety predicts the future
First month
What is it like having an anxiety or panic attacking, did I experience one?
Started Having Panic Attacks and Have Anxiety All Day
Relationship Anxiety
Am I insane?
I feel anxious...about nothing?
Itching
Sometimes I get to the stage where I feel left out and pushed away.
I just look at flights for my dream city and I feel overwhelmed and about to cry at my office desk
Amitriptyline side effects
Urgent!! I[25F] have panic/anxiety disorder and depression. I'm having an anxiety attack again, please help me.
i want to torture people who keep telling me things like "oh, you's drama queen, exaggerating everything, complaining with no reason, go ride a bike, there's no such thing as disorder like that" by letting them wear my shoes for one day!
My you tube channel all about my anxiety with tips breathing techniques and herbal remedies I use please take a look and subscribe
My anxiety is making me stress eating
So. Past me decided that throwing a bday party is awesome.
I’m going on a road trip and I could just throw up right now!!
I feel really alone right now
Going crazy? OCD? Schizophrenia? Need help.
Having daily anxiety attacks
Catastrophic thinking is my best friend & it's so annoying!
I need a hug
Scared to move away (again)
Alcohol Withdrawal - Anxiety
This was directly related to anxiety and this video's so inspiring/ motivational for all of us who battle anxiety on a daily basis. I hope it helps all of you in a very positive. inspiring way!
:/
Does this sound like an anxiety problem?
Ever feel like everyone hates you?
Propranolol dosage being increased
Finally saw a psychiatrist today...
Propranolol dosage being increased
What were you like at 23?
Sleep deprivation
To anyone who has in the past, or is currently taking medication to help with their anxiety, how has it helped?
I didn’t feel nervous driving tonight, which is awesome! Still in need of some grounding techniques
Breaking through the fog - there is hope
Mom doesn't handle panic attacks well
I'm utterly terrified of the future
I can't go for any jobs.
Full bladder any time getting to a bathroom is impossible/inconvenient.
Does this count as an anxiety attack or am I just terrible at working under pressure?
I feel overwhelmed
Being social is so exhausting
Nervous breakdown this morning
I am so tired of my health anxiety I feel like thay will me
I have massive anxiety every time I step into the drivers side of the car.
scared of pushing my boyfriend away because of my anxiety
Anxiety when I eat?
I have a question
What is this?
I can't reason with the fear today
I emailed my doctor for therapist recommendations today.
Positive post about how about how much animals care about us.
Would you use a service to help get over phone anxiety?
A different kind of lonely
A Guide to Worrying
Just got dumped
Racing Heart Every Time I wake up
Got extremely nervous during a call with a therapist
Night time
Bo Burnham speaking about his anxiety
Six of my own life lessons to learn from bad situations
I am so scared of dying.
Overcome anxiety: Articulate your rationale by journaling to lessen your doubts
I can’t stand movie theaters
Ringing in ears
Do any of my fellow anxiety sufferers felt like they got smart later in life?
Does anyone else get anxiety when their birthday is coming up?
Panic Attacks
I Always Seem Stupid When I Try Talking to Girls
My Experience With Anxiety And Depression
How to meet someone when I have anxiety
First time posting here
Post sudafed-induced bad few days and now the racing thoughts and anxious feelings are gone, but not in a good way.
I hate having anxiety.
i hate me
Health anxiety paradox
Anyone have any experience with CBD products?
Weighted blankets
Had My First Therapy Appointment Today
Losing A Support System
Totally shattered, but keep up your head up!
Should I take a year off from school?
[deleted by user]
Wearing a Holter Monitor
Gut wrenching anxiety over putting in 1 week notice
So... GAD
Im too scared to live through my junior highschool year
What would you do\say to your anxiety if it was a person?k
Panic attack when I don’t have control
Being stuck
Anxious about starting my new job
My Hidden Demons - Anxiety
I drew the ways that anxiety affects me physically
Over the counter pills
Family Day Anxiety
Anxiety as a parent
Had to leave class today due to panic attack...should I email professor?
Anxiety just plummeted down and I'm feeling normal for the first time after a couple years of anxiety
Lost my girlfriend.
16-weeks of paternity leave, anxiety is ruining it.
Can’t find a job
How to deal with anxiety that makes me feel physically unwell?
Scared of starting new job tomorrow-help please!
Help?
I did really bad at a test today
I’m tired of life
Does anyone get anxiety over getting anxious?
Got a job offer at a store..
Your thoughts have power, and you have power over your thoughts.
Does anyone else feel second hand anxiety for someone like second hand embarrassment?
Today I asked for a pay rise
It's been a while, but I'm back.
I'm having my driving exam day after tomorrow
Those of you with medication: does it help?
Trying to sleep when
I want to help someone . I beat anxiety and let’s do it together ! I want to help anyone who needs it .
Work and Anxiety
People who were on medication & got off it.
I’m 22 and already feel like my window is closing. Anybody else feel this way?
Combo: important meeting tomorrow + incoming hurricane. I am a giant ball of anxiety this week
Burnout?
I find that awareness is the first step to overcoming any obstacle. What things in your life does your anxiety ruin, or prevent you from doing?
Sleeping pills can't even help me sleep...
Anxiety at work
Mindfulness/Anxiety
Feeling normal
Having a hard day, need to connect
Difference between Amisulpride and Sulpride?
Slowly developing anxiety throughout the year - predominantly external factors, any way to stop it?
After getting my Wisdom Teeth pulled, something changed.
Discussion on the nature, cure and cause for anxiety. (Not everyone is suitable for this discussion)
Night time anxiety
Can't sleep
I'm worrying and worrying and worrying and worrying
Shitty Conversations
Thought about writing suicide note today.
Anxiety about the past
Do you live in Austin, TX and want to exercise, quit smoking and get paid for it? Then join UT Austin's Research Study
Suicide
Lack of purpose/no interest in professional life makes me anxious
I feel like my heart and lungs are failing
How do you deal with your anxiety with long commutes?
Crippling anxiety
Just need some support
eating disorders and self destructive behavior
Gone to yet another new school, and I don't intend on talking to any of the other students the entire year
I posted recently about getting the job I really wanted. Today I'm halfway through my training, and I want to tell you guys how it's gone so far. And how my anxious tendencies have proven useful so long as I remain aware of those tendencies.
Today, I just can't
Question for people with anxiety what do you guys like about it if anything?
Recurring graphic nightmares
How do you stop the repeating thoughts?
Depression Worse
Health anxiety help
I bought this book for my son, and I don’t think I’ve ever related to a kids book more.
Freaking out about starting university
I ran out of medication and I feel awful
Is anyone else afraid to breath too loud on the train
Guided Meditation: USE this for a better life.
Accidentally missed my first therapy appointment and feeling worse than ever.
How can I help someone suffering from anxiety??
I've been having chest pain lately
Need advice on anxiety about the future (possible trigger warning)
Social gathering
It’s all crashing back again
Willing to be a friend and lend an ear to someone that needs support
Why don't mental health services have email addresses!
Everything you need to know about anxiety disorders and overcoming them.
NLP Demonstration: The Neuro-Hypnotic Scrambling Technique
Stuck in a place of little/no productivity
Anyone else fully aware that they should see a psychologist, but are too anxious to do so?
Tips to help a partner with Anxiety?
Breathlessness. Any tips on this?
anxiety about a new job giving me insomnia (getting up way early)
“One is a great deal less anxious if one feels perfectly free to be anxious"
Living with anxiety https://youtu.be/BGNVJ3PLyEk
Anyone ever experience this "cure"
Whenever someone asks how I am I just lose it completely.
Going to uni in a new country
Chest hurting so bad. Full panic
Tried 'Thought Recording' for the first time: it was a success!
3 interviews tomorrow
The more I go outside and interact with the real world, the more I want to die
Does anyone else feel scared to die and time is going super fast
In a state of despair from following the news.
I can't have friends
I'm scared of getting a job and I don't know what to do
Got through the day without a panic attack!
My fckuking brain whenever I leave my house
Me
Really struggling this week
What is anxiety
Does anyone else have severe anxiety about eyesight?
rant on my sad life :(
so lost
Does anyone else feel this way? (F24)
When there is no trigger.
Is it worse to miss a dose of medication, or double dose?
I hate not being on drugs.
bad couple of weeks, i needed just people to see my thoughts
This evening, it hit me that I'm graduating college in May and I had my first full blown panic attack I have no idea what to do.
Anxiety attack on my lunch break (27m)
Shoutout to those supporting someone with anxiety
9 Anxiety relief techniques | Anxiety relief techniques at work | Health Shiner
How to get rid of that uncomfortable feeling in stomach?
A customer was rude to me and I don’t want to go back to work
DAE else start purposely shaking their arms in a repetitive motion during an anxiety attack?
Body scans are a great way to de-stress and find calmness especially when insomnia hits. Hope this helps.
I dont know whats happening to me
I'm really struggling right now
Jeffery Dommer went where I go
Laying here worried about retirement of all things.
Anti-anxiety medication?
I constantly obsess over my possessions and it has really made my life miserable.
Does mint tea help with anxiety 🍵?
I feel weird and anxious
I Can't Handle Stress - Feel Extremely Anxious, Overwhelmed, and Alone
What to do
Took melatonin to help me sleep but feel weird
Stuck in an evacuation zone during Hurricane Florence
Terrible co workers
Why can't I be "normal"?
What are your "Nothing around me exists right now" playlists
App to help deal with anxiety
8 Years of on and off anxiety, DPDR, and Panic Attacks , I've started making a website to document my projects/achievements so they feel more 'real' and I wanted to share it.
DAE get extreme anxiety before they sleep/anxiety-induced insomnia?
Need tips on trying to manage anxiety regarding significant other's friends
Rush of anxiety for no reason?
Anyone know good anxiety/depressive medication to take?
Anxiety help
How the "I'm an Afterthought" mentality has helped me battle my anxiety
[ASMR] Measuring You for a Suit - Tailor Roleplay
Probably the worst day I've had so far
"Sweat Attacks"
Made it through today with no panic attacks.
Does anyone else here go to sleep/nap to escape from their anxiety and ends up waking up in an even bigger state of anxiety? Something like oh shit back to reality
I wrote a book about my anxiety journey and its free right now.
Guys, I'm actually getting pretty good at talking on the phone!
Sleep
How does therapy work? [Australia]
Was this an anxiety attack?
Advice on chest pain.
Anxiety with out a tribe.
Does anyone else have serious anxiety triggered by interactions with narcissists? If so how do you handle it?
Cool picture I made to help break the stigma...
I feel like I messed up in a lecture
Referred to psychiatrist for evaluation.. anyone know what to expect?
Anxiety about hurricane
I started therapy last week.
Should I tell me psychologist to eff off? Also posted in r/cptsd because I really need advice
Discussion-based class is arranged in a circle, causing unbearable anxiety
How can I clear my head?
Need to ease my mind about tingling legs and feet
I got a email from my job coach asking if I had joined the community if u have a “handicap/disability”
For those in therapy: Do you talk to your significant others about your sessions?
Do attacks trigger a type of depression?
Can’t get away from my anxiety, even on my day off.
Random question making me extremely anxious at work.
Prince William launches ‘Mental Health at Work’ to ensure open dialogue and support regarding mental health problems within the workplace. This one hits home for me. Work was one of the places I suffered the most until I was forced to quit due to anxiety.
Could drink alcohol and caffeine for years with no issue and now this summer I can barely go near that stuff
Just got an appointment with a psychiatrist, what should I bring up to them? Will it even help?
Anxiety destroys my cuticles. Anybody else anxiously chew on their cuticles? Any tips on quitting?
Remember: You are strong.
Getting prescribed an anti anxiety medication
I cant tell if my anxiety is making me a toxic friend
Tips for starting college tomorrow
Support
Terrified of Speaking. Please help.
Anxiety and relationships
Can anxiety make you extremely happy
I just booked an appointment with a psychiatrist.
Does anyone else feel like they have brain damage?
Anxious thoughts: Change your thinking!
Coping with anxiety
How do you overcome anxiety of presenting to other people or simply facilitating discussion in a group?
Acupuncture for anxiety?
Willing to be a friend to anyone who needs to chat that suffer with anxiety
Continuing Anxiety About My Relationship
Not sure if what I experienced was anxiety-induced?
How to fall asleep fast?
help in how to tell my parents that i have anxiety
Yoga/meditation has been a huge help to my anxiety, I encourage everyone to give it a try
Thoughts on Medical Marijuana and anxiety?
To anyone struggling to get through this work/school week, you're doing well. It's Tuesday, so just a few more days until the weekend. You got this, I believe in you!
I need someone to talk to.
Currently trying not to just quit my job and sob in my car
What do you do to help deal with your anxiety on your own? I need advice to give young adults who deal with anxiety and don't have resources to reach out to.
I feel like I'm spiraling and I just need help getting out of my head
My panic disorder is so ridiculous. I’m actually having an attack because I’m breathing out condensation from it being so humid out from rain and just turning my air conditioner on. Plus, I keep thinking I have pneumonia for no reason whatsoever. So the breathing smoke isn’t helping that either.
Anxiety be like... (Negative Automatic Thoughts)
Haven’t touched drugs in over a year but my brain is still repairing the damage my cognitive is really messed and my memory etc has anyone got any stories on getting better with years off being sober? It’s ovs gets better but I guess I’ll have these anxiety for life
I feel really down after having a great day
I think mental health awareness month is stupid.
I can't cope.
questionable decisions
My last post didn’t get much attention but hoping someone can help...
Need advice about Lexapro
Got a job offer despite several social anxiety!!
Need to quit job, but too anxious to make the phone call.
I did not vaccinate with HPV before two protected sex. NOW I FEAR I HAVE HPV.
Having a bad day
I need some advice on how to help my wife [also posted on /r/depression without much response]
I just learned I'm "THAT" person at work
Irrational fear of not being able to fall asleep
Freaking out at work
Simple tip worth to try: Softening anxiety with Flowers
I hate taking phone calls
Two trips to the hospital within 24 months..
I'm finally getting help!
Stressed about work
Lyrics to a song I recently discovered. Sometimes listening to it on repeat for a while helps my panic attacks
Work anxiety
Hurricane Florence and weather anxiety
Devastating obsessive and intrusive thoughts
My (18F) horrible roommates (19F 20F) from last semester just moved down the hall from me in my new dorm and Im scared to leave my room
Health anxiety is destroying my life, and I don’t know how to cope anymore.
Anxiety is breaking me
Sitting here throwing up because my anxiety is making me feel like I'm going to die
I don't think I can be with a woman.
I hate it when i’m home alone and i hear the house phone ring
Job interview
Should I go to urgent care?
To The redditors with anxiety. How do you cope without meds or therapy at least for short amount if time.
This is an interesting read on why anxiety is on the increase in the West - particularly liked the quotes in it from people who have anxiety. Anxiety absolutely blows. I'm struggling with mine at the moment.
I'm insured. I have a lot of anxiety. I also like my job. What are my options for a break?
Finished the first day at my new school
HOW TO RELIEVE STRESS || 13 Ways to Reduce Stress
ACUPRESSURE - Top 5 Points for Relieving Stress & Anxiety is Now Black Friday 80% off
I hope someone can help me please!
Just your average rant
Could stress be the cause of this?!
Use This To Stop Anxiety & Panic Attacks - 10 Minute Guided Breathing Exercise
Please help.
I need a little help
Extremely stressed
How To Avoid Media Induced Stress And Have A Positive Impact In The World - Mindvalley Blog
Exhale your anxiety and beat stress!
What else do they want from me? (Vent)
How to Tackle Stress in a World With the Highest Stress Ever
I need to vent a little
Everyday after lunch I get diarrhea and stomach pains and aches. I don’t know what causes this or how to combat it either
Spire Stone: Stress Management at 20% Off.
Chronic pain as a result of stress
Feeling Stressed At Work Or In The Office? Learn To Relax With These Techniques During Stress Awareness Week
crap, crap, crap, crap.
Help with Skin Problems from Stress/Anxiety
1-2min survey about stress, I am designing a wellness iPhone app :)
Stressed tf out
I need to cry but I don't have time for that nonsense
No more.
I hate my life
Do you feel stressed a lot? How does is stress affect you? I am doing a study about stress and would love your anonymous information.
How is stress affecting you? I am doing a study about stress and would love your anonymous information.
Acknowledge the building stressors in your life. As you age, there will be more and more stress. Learn about this before it's too late...!!
Last school year
🧠 Ambient Music | Universe Inside You | 4K UHD | 2 hours
Top 10 Best apps to manage your stress
Lost my job..
PURE STRESS MIXED WITH A BUCKET OF RAGE.
Part 3 and the final part of an article on “Stress, the Individual, Wellbeing and performance”. The final part of the article looks at techniques for mediating the human “fight, flight and freeze” stress response and aspects of resilience.
Burdened by the complications of everyday life? Remove the chaos! Follow easy steps to smoothen out your daily life.
Missed an exam
Overcome Anxiety and Stress with This Dua
im done
Free personalised report into the genetics behind your stress
Is it normal to feel stressed about the prospect of being depressed?
Rambling about my stress
How Always Being Stressed At Work Can Destroy Your Life
I don't know what to do to be happy.
Deep rooted self esteem issue at work causing stress
[Academic] Instrumental and Background Music Versus No Music On Stressed And Non-Stressed Participants (Ages 18-60)
Technique that helped me a ton
stop comparing yourself to others, it's not a fucking competition
Meditation/Relaxation/Focus techniques or apps ?
Stressing out? How to STOP STRESSING with 10 Simple Ways | StudyWithKiki
Ability to deal with stress depleted.
A great guide to tackling stress and anxiety
New driving job, thoughts appreciated.
stress ne demek stress Türkçe
Can stress cause eye twitching?
I’m at a complete loss guys
Pressure in Head
How stressed induced in a body and what is measuring needs to be taken to ensure health mind?
(Project) How much do you stress?
Using any apps to help you cope with everyday stress?
If my digestive issues are caused by chronic stress can it be fully reverted?
have you reached out anyone privately in Reddit? Have you met any friends here?
Stress from Hurricane Recovery
Idk what i should do and needed advice (very long read)
Stress and lump in throat (globus)
I need help dealing with stress
College Stress
I find myself getting stressed when people around me are stressed. How do I deal with this?
Constantly Sick
An interesting title
Moving across country, cant think, need advice.
man i messed up but time will heal
High school stress right..
3 Tips To Cope With Stress!
Learn 5 simple steps to Reduce stress!
Hair Loss
How long have you guys been in /stress? When do you come here and how does it help you cope with life?
Under a lot of stress and it's taking its toll on me physically and mentally
When I’m stressed, I write
Today I got into an argument with a drunk woman on Facebook involving a misunderstood joke, and bees. WTH Even Is My Life???
looking back your life, what are the top 3 most stressful things you have to deal with and how does it shape you?
What are the top 3 stressors that bother you now?
Hey guys ,Im shit at typing
I’m stress losing my hair. Help!
UGH.
How to find root of stress
#Universal_Center_For_Mind_Sciences_And_Alternative_Therapies_Ltd
I’ve been under quite a large amount of stress for the past 2 or 3 years. Would this affect my memory?
HOW I DE-STRESS
Being in the closet is so much stress
I'm very much stressed. Please help me.
My best friend is stressed, trying to help
What are your ways to deal with stress?
Stress relief
12th Grade Senior HELP ME
High School Survey on stress and school, it’d be real helpful if you could fill it out.
My mom said I might have to be kept back (12)
Final year of uni
How to avoid stress? My life is crazy
How long can some symptoms of stress last?
6 Strategies to Help You Manage Family Stress
'I don't like the stress of dying': the game for people who don't want to fight
How to recognize signs of stress in men and tips to manage it
I made a recording of one of my stress episodes
How to manage physical symptoms of stress when I know the cause of the stress but have no control whatsoever over the resolution of it?
Is there even hope anymore? Help a tortured soul make a plan.
Mental Abuse bc of my Mom
I dont know what to do
How many of you have dealt with stress and overwhelm to the point that you completely freeze up?
First interview ever in 8 hours
I need a way to cope with stress that isn't smoking weed.
Short-term solutions to bad home situations
Thoughts on opening up/therapy?
Post disaster stress help request
What causes low energy levels in men?
Relaxing guided meditation
Overthinking a situation
The worst thing about stress is that I don't even remember what I like to do, so I can't relax by doing it.
I guess I'm an asshole, I don't know
13 Signs You Are Suffering From Too Much Stress
How can I stop getting stressed?
How to manage the physical affects of stress?
Don't tell me I can.
Never ever get stressed because you feel you do not look good !
What is the relationship between managing change, stress and men and women’s mental health in projects?
I’m freakin out man
Supplements & herbs that really help me deal with stress (especially chronic stress resulting in depression, fatigue, and anxiety)
How to Overcome Financial Stress?
How learning can help you manage work stress
I’m being deployed.
Ok, so I’m leaving my life for 6 months for a job.
How Painting Can Release Stress and Help You Relax
The Dangers Of Thinking Too Much; & Thinking Too Little
Middle School Advice (Stress was my first topic BTW)
Work Stress Management - Work Related Stress (2018)
DEAR STRESS, LET&#039;S BREAK UP!
why does biting nails relief stress?
I just feel heavy
Manage Stress intuitively
I’m going to school to be a nurse...help me
China Promotional Stress Balls Wholesale Supplier
I can’t stop clenching my jaw!!
Smoking once a month or once year, can it be harmful?
Move to new country, painful neck and shoulders. Relief?
Need Answers!!
[deleted by user]
Reducing Mental Pressure With Stress Management Techniques
I feel so overwhelmed with college
I can't sleep at night anymore
Does anyone else do this?
I wanna punch a damn wall. (Huge post)
"Hurry Sickness" – How have I not known about this term!? This type of sickness has plagued me for the past 3+ years
Just sent weird porn to my boss
Buy Wholesale China Stress Balls
8 Stress relief tips for busy lifestyle
I feel like I’m taking on too much..
Krystal &amp; HealerHuset - Clairvoyance, healing samt coaching, og sten og krystaller
Can stress cause weight loss?
I Feel So Overwhelmed
Importance of stress relief at the workplace
High school...
1 year of grad school and all I have to show for it is silver strings of hair at 23
Stress Analysis Service in India - Conserve
My dad is a stress ball and in his old age, starting to hurt himself due to not slowing down. What advice should I give him?
High stress levels? Why? How do you manage it?
Time is my worst enemy
Fucked up ordering at my cafe.
Stressed due to not being able to cope at work
Can’t eat due to stress
Uncontrollable Stress Levels
What causes you stress and how do you deal with it?
How do you cope with stress?
Help with managing chronic stress
Stress Management: 6 Things you need to know
Relax and de-stress with these simple tips
Stress Before Exam Day!! What to do?
Losing my house but I’m going to be okay
2nd day of work
Relaxing Jungle Waterfall
What's the Cost of Stress?
I just got a speeding ticket and I can’t get a hold of my emotions...
How has chronic stress affected your physical health?
Dealing With Stress | How To Handle Stress ? | Sadhguru 2018
Words can not explain
I can't cope
You don't deserve this
How to Deal with Stress and Anxiety
I Just Want to Run Away for a little While
Learn about what causes stress fractures.
Need to find a way to disconnect from work while at home.
Looking for ways to relieve stress that don’t involve sipping tea or meditation. That stuff just makes me more tense. I used to work out quite a bit but due to a bad back I have been told to avoid high impact physical activity. Suggestions are GREATLY appreciated!
TIL Ryan Reynolds has openly spoken about his lifelong struggle with anxiety, noting in 2018 that he carried out many interviews in the character of Deadpool to alleviate his fears.
Stress
How can I improve my stress threshold?
Some days
Positive vibes
What should I do about chronic stress
Potentially going to the dentist soon, absolutely petrified.
Stressing about death
Changing jobs.
China Stress Balls with Logo Imprinted
Living Your Life In Truth!
Brain damage related to stress?
I might be getting in trouble for something that wasn't my fault.
This is the Main Reason You are LOST 'Explained'..
A Powerful Way to Diffuse Stress You Probably Haven't Tried
staying stress-free
An Intuitive Guide To Stress Reduction And Management
Just five minutes of your time will be greatly appreciated
How are your relationships impacting your stress levels?
How to Meditate Correctly: 6 Easy Tips for Beginners
I Am A Walking Inferno Of Stress, Help.
Not sure if this is stress or anxiety or both?
Stress Headache
standardized tests and surgery recovery- what should I do?
I might not have another apartment lined up and my current lease’s deadline is Monday
Constant work and stress is taking its toll
Natural Stress Relievers to MASSIVELY Reduce Your Stress
I'm losing my best friend of 7+years and need help coping.
Is this what is happening?
Can You Pass A Financial Stress Test?
I don't know what to do and I'm sad and angry and frustrated at myself.
Don't Forget You Lived Another Day
I feel nauseous+like crying daily. Any help?
These 50 Work-Related Stress Should Alarm You as They May Cause Depression
Feeling numb.
Help ! How to eat when stressed and lacking appetite ?
5 Scientifically Proven Ways To Wipe Out Stress And Anxiety
What should I do?
Work stress
Does stress work like this?
Seven ways to deal with post-traumatic stress disorder
I cant stop crying
Severe subconscious stress?
Don’t Poison Your Mind! By Pujya Gurudevshri Rakeshbhai
How to say 'no' to a family event
HSE's Latest Campaign Video Highlighting Stress in the Workplace
Does stress work like this?
Tips For Decreasing Stress & Foods To Help in Decreasing Stress | Myra M...
Feeling Stressed Out? Here's 6 Strategies to Cope With & Manage Stress
Fuck Steve | Short film about depression and anxiety
The Ultimate Remedy To Stress
Writehand diaru
Please help me. My stress is so bad I keep getting nauseas and gagging and I cant seem to get away from it
My girlfriend wants to wait..?
I’m in the final semester of my masters program and all I want to do it quit. I really need advice.
Seeking advice
I am a useless man
[deleted by user]
College, relationships, senior year, STRESS, please help me find a solution and make a plan.
Adreset Capsules Use for Stress Related Fatigue Relief
How To Deal with Stress
So stressed out I cant even sit properly
To everyone in college far from home
Launching a new worry stone, if anyone is into tactile stress relief
Physical reactions to stress
My previous mental and stress problems
Stay stress free & draw potatoes
Use The Stress To Live Longer (fun-made animation)
Stress abt fading hair color??
Ways to reduce stress from noise?
Tell your anxiety to F off with this sweet shirt I found!
Stress is making my irrational thoughts skyrocket and I don't know how to manage
Advice on juggling multiple things
Stress or Medicine related?
Are your online/offline relationships impacting your well-being?
Need some advice
Are your online/offline relationships effecting your well-being?
Get Control of Your Stress with Yoga and Better Sleep
Not sure what to do
Is it just me or does everybody feels stress building up deep inside , it doesn't come out but you know it's there.
Make Stress YOUR Bro - Change How You See Stress
When I feel stressed I just out this bad boy... it helps
Reduce Stress and Improve Health with Aromatherapy Products
Wholesale Promotional Stress Balls Supplier
How To Motivate And Get Out Of depression #Stress# Anxiety Fear Tension. W...
Subconsciously stressed
I can feel the stress in my bones, how do I get rid of it?
Stress Analysis Service Provider - Conserve Solution
6 Small Actions that Will Help You Feel Less Stressed
Try onnit for free to reduce your stress & get good sleep every night
Important of Stress Management check this link https://bit.ly/2KmaYvK
What is stress management and benefits of stress management? | by EssayCorp.com
Twitching when stressed?
Research on Stress Management
Stress control, another way to prevent weight gain
I'm in need of help, stress is overpowering me
Cant stop eating my finger when im on coffee/stressed (coffee adds stress) but it helps me as well
5 Ways to Reduce Work Related Stress
Released my first (free) book on how to stop worrying and kill stress
Job leads to occasional near-debilitating stress
How To Build Some Headroom Into Your Day — HEALTHY LEADER
Weebly is the easiest way to create a website, store or blog
Ways to Relieve Your Stress While Having Some Fun at the Same Time
8 Best Exercises to Get Rid of Stress
How to relax and beat stress
I Hate only feeling wanted when I’m useful
What is stress? How do alleviate it or use it for our advantage?
Stressed about a mistake I made at my job that no one noticed yet.
DEAR STRESS, LET’S BREAK UP! [stress]
I have final exams this mon-thurs and it's safe to say I'm quite stressed
i miss high stress when its gone
Dark Chocolate Consumption Reduces Stress and Inflammation
How To Create Healthy Boundaries That Will Reduce Your Stress
Stressed
My wife doesn't handle stress well and won't seek help.
Math exam is stressing me out. I need help...
Why am i living
How does daily stress influence your life?
Desperate for job advice, very stressed everyday
How To Deal With Feeling Overwhelmed — HEALTHY LEADER
I hate my life because of my job
Know Why Does Stress Happen And How Can We Manage It?
How To Accurately Identify Your Stress Signals — HEALTHY LEADER
HOW CAN STRESS MANAGEMENT HELP YOU IMPROVE YOUR QUALITY OF LIFE? By EssayCorp
[deleted by user]
5 Tips to Lower Stress for a Brain Injury
Are You Ready To Face Up To The Challenge?
Please help me
A True Friend within & with You.....
Please help me by filing out my survey on the Relationship of Perceived Stress and Depressive Symptoms on Dietary Habits among Adults in the Greater NYC Area. Link is below.
Introduction to 31 Days To A Less Stressful Life
[deleted by user]
40+ ways to destress
When my dad used to spend hours yelling at me my vision used to go foggy.
Can anyone help?
Already screwed up at new job and I feel terrible
Didn't sleep last night. I emailed my manager asking for a Monday meeting to put a stop to me needing to do other staff's work.
31 Days To A Less Stressful Life Challenge Begins 11 June
[Academic] Studying Self-Efficacy, Self-Esteem and Coping Styles as Predictors of Resilience (18+, All Welcome)
How stress almost ruined my 2017
Big USB Enter Key Anti Stress Button - Stress Relief ENTER
I'm freaking out, guys!
Headaches
I have a large stress bucket, but when many little stress pile up, it's bad. Need help to manage better those little stress.
Does Hypnotherapy Works for Stress?
Virtual worry stone
Breathing tools and meditation
Will You Let Me Know If This Helps?
Sick of Everyday Life Problems? Contact Bob – The Best Stress Consultant Australia
Are You Stressed? Follow these Tips To Fill Your Life with Happiness & Inner Peace
3 ways to calm your mind and reduce stress
BEST STRESS - Buster game on your smartphone
school is killing me
Embracing the change in weather- I choose to say no to the 'winter blues' and flip it to see the positives (more downtime)!
What would more time and energy mean to you?
My Dr rocks!
I can't close my eyes, do i need to worry?
Stress Management
Free 20 minute coaching session on stress management!
I can’t do this anymore.
What to do when having a panic attack!
What Is Stress Management About?
Is it justifiable to quit a stressful inbound call centre job with nothing else lined up, if it's impacting your mental and physical health ?
don't let your computer kill you 😉😉😉
How can you eliminate stress from your life when life is the cause of your stress?
T-shirts that help cope with stress? I came across this really neat brand the other day that is all about supporting anxiety and stuff. What do you guys think?
Some days I really need one of these
Reduce depression/anxiety/stressissues with laughter programs
I finally had a bowel movement.
4 Disney Quotes for every day stress
Looking for the best Depression Treatment in Abu Dhabi UAE?
Your Stressful Job Is Ruining Your Skin
I was supposed to get a call back from reb who works for ssi to let me know that he sent my application to be prosseced for being approved
In a stressful, anxious and lonely period. How to cope with it?
These 10 Tips will Remove Mental Stress in Hindi
How to cope with a stressful family?
Stress over anything
Does anyone else shower more often when they get stressed?
Just got done talking with my case manager
STRESS: 9 ways to help YOU cope with being stressed
[blog] Managing stress in Software development
I sometimes feel overwhelmed by life's burdens.
Boyfriend struggles with stress - any advice?
I am taking 3 weeks off of life to deal with my stress.
Promotional Custom Printed Stress Balls Keychains
Human! How Do You Manage Your Stress?
What to break to relieve stress
school stress
Video: Is There a Common Molecular Link that Drives the Stress Risk for Disease?
Looking for the best place to manage your stress? Need the best stress management technique?
More Risks More Stress
Best ways to manage stress?
Completely lacking time to destress
How do I relax and not be stressful when I'm in a state of hopelessness?
I get stressed at EVERYTHING... advice please?
Stress at Work
How Stress Management Therapy Helps In Giving The Right Directions For Treatment?
Poor Stress Response...
College and expectations
The person that is processing my application for approval is stressing me the fuck out
With the comfort of modern lifestyle, stress is something that gets worse. Even something as subtle as uncertainty can bring loads of stress. Do you want to fight back against it in a natural inexpensive way?
Blogger committed to kicking stress up it's ugly rear end.
New boss has derailed my not only work pace, but also family life outside of work. Having hard time sorting things out, and making peace within myself.
End of School Year Struggles
Disappointing friends
My mother and I filled out forms that ssi needed and now I'm worried.
So my forms came in so my mom and I filled them out and sent them out today
4 Powerful Methods to Stop Feeling Overwhelmed
Are you stressed? Yes? No? Fill in this questionnaire to know more!
How to Handle Stress at Work – Amazing Tips On Handling Stress - Insurancetuk
Waiting on forms for my mother and I to fill out is stressing me out
Stress study completed on your iPhone - make up to $35!
When you are stressed out do you tend to snap easier?
10 Ways to zero impact to reduce stress
Turns out my fucking nerve pain is because of stress.
Feeling stresst about my interview with ssi earlier today
Need to vent? We want to help!
How to help someone who does not see their stress level??
Does living in more disorganized country reduce stress?
Getting really nervous and stresst for my appointment on monday
Good way to relieve stress?
What do you do to reduce everyday stress? Let's share ideas!
When you're stressed, you eat ice cream, chocolate and sweets. You know why? Because "stressed" spelled backwards is "desserts."
Just gotta post about my stress.
Just got done seeing my case manager
Meeting with my case manager today
Modvigil in the UK
High Schooler needing Help
I’m at my limit
How do people deal with stress in general?
How Stress Effects Hair Growth and Causes Hair Loss
my stress may be driving people around me insane
Stressed lol
[Help] Stress/Anxiety is making me sick
StressStuff
stress, expectations & social comparison
Buy smart drugs in the UK
How to get my bod to calm down - tips?
Stress habits- Biting nails, now skin picking
What do you do to relax after a stressful day? Let's share ideas.
Five best way to reduce stress
CALLING ALL HIGH SCHOOL STUDENTS! I needed to create a survey for my English 12 class about student stress. All participants will remain anonymous and I would really appreciate it if you’d all take a couple minutes to fill it out. Thanks in advance! :)
Who hear laughs out of stress?
Waiting on my disability desicion
Can't stop stressing
Overwhelmed with stress at work
How to Deal with Unemployed Husband - betterlyf
Calming Zen Rocks in the Jungles of Thailand
What do you do to relax?
stress
I’m 21 and stressed
Stress doesn't kill us, our reaction to it does!
Dance Therapy/Meditation
5 Ways Yoga and Meditation can help in Stress Relief
Best way to manage stress and depression
Daily Yoga to help you unwind & de-stress.
Stress IS contagious: Primitive instincts cause us to pick up on other people’s fear and stress
Podcast looking for stress stories
"Countdown Timer in My Head"
Comparing my future self to others.
Natural way to relieve stress?
I don't wanna be a failure
Losing net neutrality is driving me up a wall with anger and paranoia.
I did something stupid...Again.
I don't know how to give up
Good coping mechanisms that don't cost too much time, money or energy?
How can I help stressed friends?
Celebrate Stress Awareness Month and choose to make some calming lifestyle changes.
Unbelievable Simple Steps To Destress
My mother is stressing me beyond all reason and I am not able to withstand it more
I’m Just a Wreck Lately
I'm 20 and stressed out with college
April
my dad is an angry abusive ahole.
I’m 13 and stressed out
Everything is going to be ok
So stressed
How to cope with a stressful partner?
Stress hunger?
Please help me help you! About stress reduction and lifestyle
I'm constantly sleep deprived and my doctor just diagnosed me as obese, what step should I take to start losing weight?
Easiest ways to tackle the two triggers of stress in our modern workplace, read them here
Social Media is stressing me out.
Worst Month. (longish)
I'm trying to be calm
Why I am cutting off my toxic family member
Look stressfree
Extended Family
Long term chronic stress - health issues, adrenals, HPA axis
Invitation to complete an anonymous online research survey regarding mental health treatment preferences (repost)
Most Effective Stress Management Activities For Stress Free Life
I'm on the verge of a breakdown
Stressed and depressed.(long)
Stress and cortisol levels?
Stress Essay and Irony
Feeling super gulity staying at home..
Stress Boiling Over to Family
I just realized that I believe that if I'm not constantly under a lot of pressure, I won't perform well.
I watch youtube videos like this when I'm stressed, I hope it helps someone else too :)
Venting here as it seems to be an appropriate place. I know my problems and maybe reading my self analysis can help some of you.
Effective Use of Mindfulness Meditation For Your Own Good
Wishing you all a stress free and happy day!
Yeah, this is bullshit
Best Stress Analysis Service Provider
STRESS ne demek STRESS Türkçe
Stress Analysis Support Service in India
Dealing With Exam Stress
Anger and stress are making life unbearable for me!!
How To Reduce The Reactions To Change
I'm stressed.
How Stress Effects Heart Disease ?
Stress induced panic attacks
Need help with stress management survey
Stress Impact Your Physical Health - Mashfik Shamir
Stressed about high school
Given up.
How to deal with stress [Please take care of yourself]
does stress keep you up at night yet keep you constantly exhausted?
I'm burning out
Stress Eating is dangerous
Stress and Physical Pain - Emotional Pain Chart
Grandma's Funeral, Aunty's Funeral, Family Fighting, sibling moved because of the fighting, grades dropping, work piling up, Anxiety Attacks, self-doubt growing help me please
Stress Management - Mekosha
4th International Conference on Depression, Anxiety & Stress Management May 10-11, 2018 Frankfurt, Germany
how to reduce your stress I tried this and it really worked for me
i need somebody to talk to
Working three jobs and slowly losing my mind
University and professional life stress
Money and stress, ways to reduce financial worry.
Nursing school stress Help?
Stress going away in a bad way.
Stress going away in a bad.
STRESS- Is Fight Or Flight Part Of Your Daily Repertoire? It Doesn’t Have To Be….
Nice Video about reducing stress
Senior Stress
Stress doesn't mean workload
Stress from full work weeks; how to manage properly
Father causing financial stress.
Natural Therapies to Beat Stress
Coping with stress eating?
Rapid unwanted weight loss
Work environment stress
How do you prioritize when . . .
5 ways to find relief from stress
Assignments
Tips to manage day to day stress
Orientation day at University and already feeling like shit
How do you deal stress in an office job?
A Stressed Student Rant
Stress can be easily reduced by taking control of your mind. If u replace the negative thoughts of your mind with positive thoughts There will be automatically reduction in your stress level.
Stress relief from taking Confianza
Stressed about job
Invitation to complete an anonymous online research survey regarding mental health treatment preferences
Is Stress Making Me Fat?
I'm new here, and I admit that this is a vent.
Can stress cause sickness?
Would you mind helping a poor grad student out with a 3 minute survey on preferred coping responses to a stressful situation? COMPENSATION POSSIBLE! (see attached consent form)
Alcohol causes stress?
Handling stress with few easy things
Success Causing Stress?
Taking forever to find out if I got the job
Stress prescription
How to cope with stress that is 24/7?
How playing mobile game helps to cope with stress
Stress management - handling stress
Stress management - handling stree
Ordedr AdreneVive Capsules from Best Online Supplement Store in USA
Stress in, not out
is there a stress between acute and chronic? like week-long or two weeks or three weeks?
Life goes up and down too quick for me
How Stress Affects Your Body And How To Overcome It
Stress induced nausea.
to all germans on r/stress: need you for my university project (as a thanks you can win a 25€ amazon gift card)
71% of Americans felt stressed this past holiday season
True meaning of Stress
Can stress cause your teeth to ache?
Stressed due to family money issues and have a test to write.
How to relieve stress
My grandmother who I love and I am grateful for is DRIVING ME TO PUT MY HEAD ON THE TRAIN TRACKS FOR A NICE DECAPITATION!!
I’m constantly stressed about money even though I’m debt free
Just needing a place to vent
Stress Relief Technique
To all Germans on r/stress - need you for my university project
Quitting Smoking Weed After 7 Years Of Daily Use
Things that cause panic in someone which correspond with P, A, N, I and C
How Can Students Deal with Performance Pressure?
Can't sleep
Crying after a long period of numbness
How to Overcome Stress, Effective Solutions you can Enjoy Immediately
Had a hard day.
Assignment
I am losing weight due to stress. Should I not treat the stress until I reach my idea weight?
How to check if I am stressed?
How to Overcome Stress, Effective Solutions you can Enjoy Immediately
Best Stress Analysis Support Services
Purchase Ambien Tablets Online to Enjoy A Sleep Routine
Can Stress Cause Nausea and Loss of Appetite?
Can Taking The Best Sleeping Pills In The UK?
Buying UK Sleeping Tablets Online
In the final semester of my degree, starting to doubt if I chose the right field for me
Why Women Need to Buy Sleeping Tablets
Stress Management - Mekosha
Epic stress from difficult job
How can I better handle stress during the semester?
Life was well last week, now it's sh*t.
Revision and Exams
I feel like life is getting harder, and I am completely overwhelmed. I don't know what to do.
Tonight has been too stressful, and it's only getting worse
I am done
That time of the year again: (Work) Writing a self review. Due in 48 hours
overachieving?
How to end stress ?
Dealing with Stress - Walking Vlog - Weight Loss and Life Talk
This juice will Help You Overcome Stress
Holiday stress got you down?
Almost blacked out from stress?
any managing stress tips?
Yogi Kava Stress Relief Herbal Tea Caffeine Free
Early life stress increases risk of heart disease later in life: Studies show stress affects immune response, inflammation, blood pressure
How Stress Impacts your Body and Overall Health?
How to get rid of the feeling that you are going to vomit blood.
An intro to looking at STRESS from a biological perspective
too many problems & never able to solve them
My sister said she’ll never talk to me after our parents pass away..
Family issues
Homeopathic Talking Therapy for Stress Reduction
What this song is about :(...makes me relate when I'm down
anxiety attack
I have almost all "Yes" :/
I'm stressed over everything.
I found a website that helps deal with stress very easy!!
stress and anxiety literally make you look uglier
Nail biting and stress
How to reduce stress,stress management,how to make Life Less Stressful
Grin and bear it...
How I Set the Re-set button on my anger and stress
http://www.throughourlives.com/
Sudden change in grade...
Accidentally found this on a site. How to instantly feel better if depressed.
Help me understand how stress works???
Involved in multiple court cases (domestic violence victim)
Don't worry about tomorrow (Swami Sathidananda)
Sometimes stress can cause late periods which can make you WAY MORE stressed... ugh
Do you ever end up praying to a higher power that you don't even believe in?
Rage Cube: When you see red, punch this instead!
i'm going insane school is ruining my health
in find this helps with my stress
Prince Ea - How to deal with stress
Don't outsource happiness (Gen Kelsang Nyema)
We may be moving houses soon and it's stressing me out. I'm fine here and don't want to move anywhere. I've been noticeably stressed/depressed. Help!
I just finished my online grad school interview, but I think I failed, I don't know what to do now!
“Happiness is a choice. You can choose to be happy. There's going to be stress in life, but it's your choice whether you let it affect you or not.” -Valerie Bertinelli | There are different types of stress and ways to deal with it.
On the spot: Stress does a number on your ability to recall details of situations, according to research
Ever feel like you have no where to turn to?
How to stop suffering Pt.2 (Rupert Spira)
How to stop suffering Pt.1 (Rupert Spira)
Is Stress Keeping You From Reducing Your Stress?
How does one deal with extreme stress coming from multiple sources with no supporting social network?
How do you deal with extreme stress coming from multiple sources with no without supporting social network?
8 stress relievers for college students
So much going on... it’s taking a toll on my body
Use A Stress Ball To Relax
You can survive the holidays unscathed!
Messed up
Stress and Insomnia
This is a really good TED Talk that made me feel better about all the stress I have. Validating, really.
Hypnosis 4U Stress less
Understanding Stress, No prescription needed!
Why Does Long Term Stress Affect Your Body Differently Than Short Term Stress
Spend some time away from your troubles.
How to Drive Away Stress: Social Skills Predictive of Physical Health, Study Finds
School is stressing me out so much
The Work/Life Balance
4k relaxing tropical rain/nature sounds ultra HD 3 hours/sleep/relax/meditate/study/peaceful
Setting boundaries and standing up for myself has helped my stress a lot
How Stress Can Be Associated With Hair Loss?
Complained about colleague to manager
Playing Mobile Games to fight stress especially during travel. (Based on experience.)
How to Turn Your Holiday Blues Into Holiday Bliss
Tired all day
What is Stress and Can It Cause High Blood Pressure?
Foods that reduces stress
I need help...
Out of touch with stress, but physical symptoms
https://youtu.be/UMXHPyOWTZg
Analyze your stress. What made you lose your peace?
Help with stress
Looking for a study accountability partner
How do I release stress from my neck?
/r/pacify: A subreddit to soothe the anxious and troubled mind. (Not sure what blogspam is, but I thought posting my sub here might be okay since it's directly related to stress management. Apologies if I'm incorrect.)
Haters gonna hate your daily mind rape
12 Daunting Effects of Stress on Your Body
Stressed about stress
Losing Focus, hitting the breaking point, tips?
WORK SKTRRESSSS
National Stress Awareness Day 2017
Having a stressful day at work? Get a lesson from this little fella! :-)
Learn how to combat stess
Lost my first real best friend today
Stress And High Blood Pressure: What is The Relationship?
Current stressful situation; primarily just venting
How to (actually) Stop, Prevent and Deal with Migraine Headaches
Fighting Downhill
Stressful Semester
Learn how to minimize stress levels
Work stress...need relief
Ulcers?
My shower thoughts.
Dinner's on us
மன அழுத்தம் (stress) இல்லாத வாழ்க்கை.
Do you have a hard time calming your mind?
Looking for my stress but can't find it
Quick Ways to Leave Stress
The Rat Race
Dammed if I do dammed if I don't
MAKE YOUR OWN STRESS BALL!
Ambien Sleeping Pills- Quality Approved Sleep Medication
vitamin C reduces stress
Life can throw some harsh shots at us some times how do we deal with them?
In today’s fast pace society, it’s easy to feel overwhelmed, which can lead to stress or anxiety.
In today’s fast pace society, it’s easy to feel overwhelmed, which can lead to stress or anxiety.
College is stressful and I feel like crying
Working with my wife
Stress.
Malevolent Stress
How to Reduce Stress in Daily Life...(Proved ways)
13 Tools We ALL Need To Stress Less
Managing stress level &amp; psycho-social risks at work place - Healthy Workplaces Campaign
paralyzing stress and fear
We All Need More Patience
Changing the Way We Heal Panic and Anxiety
Gonna need some serious help on this one
Lo stress della precarietà come il fumo passivo...
Stress and Diabetes
Stress and blood pressure
life without stress is it possible
Advice
Why don't you want?
Stress levels relating to a loved one suffering
Stress Relief Music
How Family Time Helps us Beat Stress
Hi guys, what do you think about apps like this?
Medication?
Wife under extreme stress from current job, feels stuck, not sure how best to help.
Stress doesn't have to be a killer — here's how to use it to your advantage
Anybody uses sport as a stress reliever ?
I keep screwing up at work
Do you find it hard to relax even when you have time off? Check out Radical Relaxation Central to find easy ways to wind down.
The Anxiety Hypnotherapy Perth
Balancing work, classes and life
Freshman Highschooler
10 Daily steps for less stress
Long commute
The Office Stress Reliever and Memory Enhancer-Rosemary
Push The Stress Of A Hard Day Out Of Your Life With These Effectively Simple Steps
This is long, so thank you for your time. I need help.
Freshman College Student
Changing Stress
How to Cure a Cold Fast | Why I Haven't Been Sick in 3 Years
Need Help with Research Survey on Stress
Not a fun break up
UK
I recently started college
Più verdure, meno stress!
Stress: un po' fa bene. Ma non sempre e non troppo...
I'm following in my father's footsteps..
YouTube Guided Relaxation Sessions
Felt overwork this week
5 Ways To Manage Stress And Change Your Outlook On Life >> Seeking GOOD VIBES
Underlying stress I’m not feeling?
Stress || Its Cause, Symptom & Natural Remedy :-
Sharing what makes stress stressful and how you deal with it for a research project
How can i handle my stress?
I want to switch majors/schools but I don't know how to tell my parents
I wrote about my 6 ways to relieve daily stress. What do you guys thinks?
At work, I think the computer screen is causing stress. Need your opinions.
Music for stress anxiety insomnia... review at rachelbananas.com
How To Beat Stress‼️😭✨😇👍
Stress related to loss of my dad having serious impacts on health??!?
Mindfulness stress and anxiety relief
Mindfulness for stress and anxiety
[REQUEST] Source for daily writing prompts or questions for journaling for stress relief.
How to Relieve Stress Naturally
Is Social Media Ruining Your Life | How it Can Increase Odds of Loneliness, Anorexia and Depression
Everything falling apart.
[FREE SHIPPING] Stress Kills! Scientific fact! Get your loved ones an all natural stress reliever! [FREE SHIPPING]
Chronic Stress - 7 Ways to Get Rid Of
11 Habits You Need to Give Up to Be Happy :D
Breakthrough music for sleep 😴 music for 🎶Anxiety stress review rachelbananas.com
Lost my job. Feeling stressed. How do I deal with this?
Cathartic Website
School problems
diagnosed with bell's palsy, stress is thought to play a role.
Paranoia? Eating disorder? Schiz?
Causes of Tension Headaches and How to Relieve Them
Simple Ways to Decrease Stress and Enjoy more of Life!
11 Physical Effects of Stress That Can Affect Your Lifestyle
People who commute by bicycle how much has your stress levels reduced?
Torn between two choices
Moving to an apartment more than 3x smaller than my old home because of parents divorce
I Thought You Guys Might Like This Seasonably Appropriate Stress Advice
The date I planned to kill myself is today
Failed physics course a 3rd time
I'm so so stressed over school. I'm already taking two years off to go back to school for a second degree. I can't get into any courses and the advisors can't help me get into them.
Here are some simple tips on de-stressing if you need to take a time out
What Makes Black Tea is Ideal For Stress Relief
Confused and stressed
3 Reasons to Eat Chocolate for Stress Management
fuckfuckfuck
arghhhhhh
All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy
I'm under so much pressure right now
Am I too old to get hyperventilation?
So many assignments. So little time...
Reducing stress with Adaptogenic Herbs
I just want to save the world but I obviously can't so I just need to accept that and save myself.
Mindfulness stress reduction
Health Management Tips - Brain Integration Exercise to Manage Stress
Mindfulness stress reduction – Find a Way to be Mentally Healthy
How Can Deep Breathing Help You Relax & Deal with Stress Optimally?
Decreasing your stress
25 Healthy Ways to Deal with Stress
Father
The best anti-stree toy!
Stress, Supplements, and You | Dr Jim Badman | Live Stress Free
Try this Online UnStress survey and give feedback on its usefulness to you. It should take 10-15mins.
Dealing with Stress at Office
5 Simple Ways to Keep Maternal Stress at Bay
Release stress in a funny way
Meditation Benefits | 4 Reasons why you should start
Have I burned out?
Stress
A good read for anyone having difficulty in life
How to live a stress free life with mindfulness
How to live a stress free life with mindfulness
Emotional Health - The Global Stress Summit | Anxiety Relief
Too stressed to cope
HOW TO LIVE STRESS FREE!
If Mindfulness Makes You Uncomfortable, It’s Working
Stress Relief - Daily Reset Break
7 Stressful Things Which One Must Ignore
Understand your emotions & never suffer again!
Stress Management Training for People With Disabilities
Cycling to work could make your day less stressful
I can't do this
FINALLY found something to help me manage my stress!
Stressed out
Weird incident...
Stressed? Try These Foods
Dealing with stress – 4 strategic tips that help reduce stress
How Stress Free Toys Will Change Your stressed Life
The type of stress you didn't know about
Does anyone else get dull pain (or tension) in their chest from stress at work?
Just burst into tears at work.
Job stress rant :,(
Vitamin P: How It Can Help Treat Everything From Depression To Stress To Recovery From Heart Attacks
Stop Feeling Worthless, This is How To Handle Stress.
Fight Stress & End Teeth Grinding Disorder w/ Smart Wearable
Recommended prescription medicine / drugs for chronic stress?
Constant stress in children can acquire toxic properties, Scientis
Life is hard.
Worst experience ever
Started new job, headaches due to stress
Stress research study
Use toys and gadgets to relieve stress at the office
What I Learned About Self Care (The Hard Way)
The #1 Myth About Stress
Moving day
Serene Button - Tap Your Stress Away!
Fight Stress & End Teeth Grinding Disorder w/ Smart Wearable
Stress Management
Stress related physical health issues, Starting to become a real problem - need advice.
Rid yourself of toxic people...effective stress management
6 Supper Food for Anti Stress
Stress is the Greatest Threat to Modern Men
7 Ways To Cut Employee Stress And Boost Productivity
Stress Relief
How Couples Can Cope with Professional Stress
The Cost of Moving
7 Signs That Tell You That You Need A Break From Work - Shruti Suresh
What Wikipedia Can't Tell You About The Difference Between Stress And Pressure
60 Second Stress Buster Meaning Say Goodbye To Stress!
The Science Of Stress Relaxation - How Your Body Responds To Stress
8 Ways to Stress-Proof your Day
Applying for school
Hatred of sound
Top 20 Stress Management Gifts
Stressed as hell about school right now.
Fidget Spinner Trick Shots | Dude Perfect
Stress: Punishing Ourselves with Naughty Treats
#189 Best Supplements For Stress With Damian And Heather Dube
I am 24 and I don't have a drivers license.
9 simple tips to reduce your stress right now
my mom lost her job..again
Anxiety and Stress relief for nursing
Come learn the painless technique get rid of traumas once and for all!also work on womb, birth, ancestors epigenetic traumas.Venite ad imparare la tecnica all'avanguardia per superare i traumi in modo permanente e veloce! Anche traumi epigenetici degli antenati,della nascita,durante la gestazione!
How Stress Effects Your Body and Nervous System? - Optimize Healing Centre
RPT Testimonial, Italian with English Subtitles, it's amazing how many positive changes there have been in her life and they are stable 8 months after the course! For info on RPT and the next course www.rptitalia.weebly.com
How Stressed Are You? Take a Stress Test Here...
Whenever I'm stressed, I often have random moments of brief relief.
How Stress Effects on the Body and Nervous System?
Have I messed up my life before it REALLY starts?
Reduce Stress
Post Traumatic Stress Disorder Gainesville
How Does Stress Affect A Woman’s Body?
10 Invisible Things Stress is Doing to Your Body Right Now
Any kind of athletes here? Did stress fuck your stomach/gut up and therefore affected your performance?
how to reduce stress & anxiety
personality
Post Traumatic Stress Disorder Gainesville
What is the opposite of a panic attack called?
How to avoid stress in daily life
Survey for graduate program. Raffle prizes!
Too much stress
I don't have any methods for stress relief.
Stress - Results in increased tension or “wear and tear” on the body
My future relies in my own hands and I'm confused.
17 stressed the fuck out it is scary
Why Am I Stressed? - Sadhguru on Stress
I'm 23 and I got a lot on my mind I feel like my life is going down hill. I feel the urge to run out at night for no reason. I feel like the reason I'm like this is cause I'm to soft hearted. I really don't know how to describe my mental state right now but I feel like I'm fighting with myself.
Yoga Breathing | Pranayama Benefits
Behavioral Strategies for Coping with Stress
Going Flat-Out Flattens Me
Gut Brain Connection | Does Your Gut Hold the Key to Better Brain Health?
Physical Effects Of Worrying
The BEST Way to de-stress: Ground Yourself! (a video I made)
Dealing with doctors
Free Fidget Spinners 😍🔥
Blocking out the past
Stressed
Unrequited love or naivety?
How to lead a Stress-Free Life?
Our Free Spinners Just Pay Shipping 😍🔥
http://www.worldofalternatives.com/pdl.html
7 Amazing sountracks to relieve stress, promote healing, break negative cycles, and restore sound sleep… in minutes.
maybe god will help
L-Theanine for Stress?
How to Reduce Stress: 4 Tips
My life and how i fucked it up !
Fidget Spinner con parlantes, bluetooth, Wireless, que se conecta a tu Celular, Tambien trae luz LED
Our Free Spinners Stress / Anxiety Relief 😍🔥
I'm really stressed out with my mom.
Stress-Busting Relaxation Techniques | Learn Relaxation Techniques.
hnnnnnnnnnnnggggggggggggg
Are You Happy? (Social Experiment)
FREE Fidget Spinners Just Pay Shipping 😍🔥
How do you not take on the burden that you put on your staff? It makes me lose sleep.
oddly satisfying...(Whack your ex)💀
Am I disappearing?
چطور استرس نداشته باشیم
Managing the requirements of a high-stress job that never sleeps
"I would argue it's not the things you do at work, but what you do before & After that makes a difference... Here is an article that touches on a topic that most people want to hear....
THE Best Fidget Spinners 😍🔥
I lost my only job.
How stress affects your digestion
THE Best Spinners On Road 😻🔥
Finally reached my breaking point.
Wie wirkt Stress auf den Körper?
Feeling stresses? I faces stress from time to time. A long-term stress can build up and it effect on my health.I need something to help me get past this stress
Is it too soon?
Stressed out
Crazy Cheap Spinners For Stress Relief 🔆
6 Simple Stress Managing Tips for Seniors
Stressed out..
Crazy Cheap Spinners For Stress Relief 🔆
Wellness and Stress
Crazy Cheap Spinners For Stress Relief
Crazy Cheap Spinners For Stress / Anxiety Relief
I am looking to understand how to help you address stress.
Prosuperdeals.com New Antistress Toys In the market Check it now multiple chioces and colours + Free Shipping Prosuperdeals.com
Crazy Cheap Spinners 🔆 Stress Relievers
Can't get anything done with others around
Meditation for stress reduction in 4 easy steps
Guidelines to help work be less stressful and more fulfilling
how to relieve Stress in life - How to calm down - Stress Relief health and balance - management tip[video]
Psychotherapy Counseling Services
Stressed. Too much is happening at one time
Stress relief website.
extreme vibration app stress relief
7 Desk Yoga Poses To Relieve Stress At Work
Been getting ill a lot lately because of stress
Trying to get too much done in one day
Stress Management Tips For Your Daily Stressful Life
How To Manage Anxiety and Stress Before A Concert?
Stress induced brain fog?
Relaxing Piano Music For Studying And Stress Relief Concentration Musi...
I'm about to loose it
Stress survey
I think I failed my AP history final. I have a 79 in the class close to a B but going over my test I saw that i possible Have a 35%!! Some of the answers didn't even relate to the questions and their visuals ! Please help I'm so stressed out I can't be happy lately and I'm trying to keep it in. 😰😰
Too much
It's The Little Things: Finding Time for Self-Care
Stress gave me a lump in my throat
13 Stress tips that may help you!
Meditation is the best stress-buster. Do you the best audio program to help?
Tips on How to release Stress
How to release Stress Tips
Is stress at work getting to you?
Decrease your stress Naturally
13 Simple Stress Tips that you can apply Immediately
http://oneclck.co/13-stress-tips
Augmented Reality and Stress
New Found Stress
Meditation is a great stress-buster! Get a free audio to see if it works for you.
After a period of great stress at work, I found relief in meditation but not in a religious way. I found that listening to a brainwave entrainment product for about 15 minutes a day helped keep me grounded. Read about it here. If you think you might like it, you can also get a free trial of it.
Stres çarkı çocuklarda dikkat eksikliğine neden olduğu için yasaklandı!
4/5/2017
I have a Calculus 12 final tomorrow and I think I've gotten to that crazy kind of tired
I find this article very inspiring.
Suffocation
How do you manage your stress?
Top 10 Tips To Reduce Stress
Stress from work advice
Simple Ways to Decrease Stress and Enjoy more of Life! | Shrikhande IVF &amp; Surrogacy Center
Neighbors making it hard to de-stress
Top 5 Cannabis Strains for Stress
Newly burnt out - having trouble passing time
Can you get tonsillitis due to stress or period?
What do you guys like to do when you just aren't really having the best day? I'd love to hear some new ideas.
GongFu Star Fidget Spinner Toy Time Killer, relieve ADHD Anxiety, Reduce stress
FREE Anti Stress Mini Fidget Cube
#94 Less Doing To Reduce Stress With Ari Meisel
I am doing a student documentary on academic stress, I need stories.
5 Facts About Depression and Anxiety and How to Overcome with These 10 Easy Steps
Having an off day today
5 Ways To Reduce Work related Stress - Women Fitness Magazine
5 Stress Management Benefits of Yoga - Women Fitness Magazine
How to REDUCE STRESS; 8 Ways to Deal with Stress
15 Best Ways to Reduce Cortisol
A Practice to Help You Handle Life's Difficulties with Grace | Psychology Today
Learn About 10 Daily Ways To Reduce Stress
Effective Ways to Beat Exam Stress
If you are stressed then definitely check out these anti-stress cube fidgets. They might seem silly but they have worked and helped many people. Plus they are also very cool and fun:
Stress relieving ways
Headaches Busted: 7 Unusual Ways
Don't know where I am going or what I am doing.
THE BEST ASMR SOUNDS EVER - THE STRESS FIDGET CUBE
Stress and Addiction
How to deal with stress
I'm feeling hopeless
Can't figure out how to relieve any kind of stress- i feel helpless.
This is a video I created about the importance of not stressing out about things out of our control as well as some techniques I have developed over the years to help manage stress.
Land of Goshen
Short video: how I manage stress and anxiety
My wife wants to sleep with the lights on
Less Stress: 7 easy steps to a more relaxed lifestyle
My neighbours are depressing me
How can you dumb it down?
Does thing actually work?
16/04/2017
Stressed out corporate employees in Delhi NCR seek life coaches and self-help groups
Fast Stress Relief Techniques
Stress Management
Stress can cause a lot of serious symptoms on the body, and especially the skin, which is a very sensitive organ. I hear some people have even become orange!
Research Study Opportunity (Earn up to $70)
How to Release Stress | Top Trick | to kick your Stress | Mr Trends
How to Sleep Like a Baby & Evolve Into a Human Snorlax (Sleep Hacks Revealed)
Dear redditors..I have hit academic rock bottom.
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Free From stress
Stress over a dispute few days ago; fear of dealing with a false accusation
No time for myself
Upcoming holiday stress
Final exam stress, don't know how to cope
Feeling stressed out or can’t stop worrying? Check out our Facebook self-help anxiety study - take the screen now!
[Academic] Stress Survey
Reduce Stress, Learn About Cupping Therapy And Discover it's healing abilities
I don't even have the basic skills required to deal with stress
Vichy Greece - Slow Âge - Η επανάσταση στην επιβράδυνση της γήρανσης - P...
10/4/2017
how to get rid from negative thoughts
http://www.keepingfine.com/time-running-think-40-ways-improve-stress/
Workplace stress
Failing a highschool class
10 Health Benefits of Spirulina - NaturalCave
Himalayan Salt Lamps: 6 Benefits You Probably Didn't know - NaturalCave
Head burnings and itches and high blood preasure from stress
The Key Is Calm
Anti stress app. Do you know an antistress app that allows me to create bubbles/circles like these ones? I can do that during the locked screen just touching the screen but I'm looking for an app
Do I get stressed too easily or have thyroid issues?
The stress is killing me
10 Daily Steps for Less Stress - Feet Love Socks
Stress and drowsiness
Stress is piling up - do we ever get a break?
Stress-related acne
How To Deal With Overwhelm
2017 MUST HAVE SPINNER TOYS!
Stressed about a bunch of different things right now, haven't felt right in a while, advice?
how would you handle a customer like this?
The car painting is ideal for relieving stress.
Manage your stress
Feel like I am burning out (again...) Help: what do I do?
Girl Explains 5 Scientifically Proven Anti-Anxiety Techniques!
A Short Video Highlighting 5 Simple Stress Management Tools
Struggling with Stress? These 5 Books Can Help You Stop Worrying and Start Living
Help with research on aromatherapy for those with stress
Why does my stress get worse when I finally relax
5 Ways Employers Can Reduce Stress At Work
Stress Management Tips for Students
sharing of my parenting experiance
Sick and no one can figure out what is wrong
If you could tell 1 person to fuck right off to their face, at length, and there would be no negative consequences, who would it be and why?
Personality defects and dealing with a stress
If you had a magic wand...
I am not doing ok.
How to get getting panic
What it cost me to found a start-up company.
Checkout these 6 proven techniques to get rid of digital STRESS.🐼
What's Eating You? Probably What You're Eating. Stress Inducing Foods:
Can stress cause physical illness?
Random stress
Can I make in into college with a 2.5 gpa.
Please help with my thesis questionnaire
how stress changes your LIFE - Easy Ways To Relieve Stress
I feel as though each college failure no longer hurts :(
A Guide On How To Deal With Stress Properly - Firsthealthfitness.com
nice night
Stress
Read this is you worry a lot
a breakdown at school
6 Effective Ways To Calm Yourself In Stressful Situations
Need some help dealing with everything.
New job, things are doing a bit downhill
Stress by too much thinking
The Relationship Between Hormones and Stress
Emotional stress has increased with the change in life style. Women and men work equally today, but the work pressure has been increased enormously.
Feel like I'm at breaking point sometimes
Been saving up for months to build my first ever PC and now I'm having some trouble :(
YGS Saatlerinde İETT Ücretsiz
The Psychological Price of Entrepreneurship- How the journey shapes us and how we shape our journey.
Caught in a rut
Suffocating in doctoral program
Am I overreacting or is something wrong with my dad?
I don't want to get fired.
We don't have to have stressful lives! Here's how to change it.
How to Live in the NOW
I keep failing my classes
How To Calm Yourself Down in Stressful Situations
Man This Thing Helps with My Stress...
How did I not get fired?
Avoid Too Much Stress, Help Yourself To Manage It
Destress tips
Behaviors Causing Stress
How to Manage Stress at Work
How to handle stress and improve your health and relationships
How To Calm Yourself Down in Stressful Situations
How to Breathe To Live a Less Stressful Life
How to reduce stree when you are in an unpleasant environment
If you don’t keep your stress levels in check, it may be tougher to stay slim.
3 Top Ways To Reduce Everyday Stress
Constant miserable stress and anxiety..
The Best Place To Escape The Stress In Delhi & Gurgaon
Help With Exploding
I get stressed because of my lack of stress
Harish Shetty
18 Sr in Highschool also dual enrolled in college classes pursuing associates degree in business
on the off chance that you need to decrease stress and strain in your body
Feeling stressed? It's not just politics. It may be money issues!
relax your body and mind by managing stress
7 Secret Benefits Of Using Coloring Apps
What better way to flush out the stress?
I feel so stressed at work, like everything I do is wrong.. my bosses even talk to me and I barely have some friends. Im getting disorganized too :/ everyday I feel so so bad with myself
Friend Management
unfairness at work zero hour contract uk? i need advice feeling depressed and stressed
Stress and the Social Self: How Relationships Affect Our Immune System
Can You Help?
Aware is Gifting Lifetime Subscription to People Suffering from Chronic Stress or Depression or ADHD
Audrey20
Ginger Tea – Powerful Drink That Reduces or Even Completely Eliminates Stress
My hair is falling out, I gained weight and I feel so fucking insecure.
Fidget Cube 2.0 !! Relieve your stress 😉
How has stress affected your mind?
How to Deal with a Situation that’s Out of Your Control – This mindset lets you stop worrying and start bringing about positive change.
It goes without saying that
I feel stressed and depressed at the same time and I can't understand why I feel so bad
College boy comes home to sunbath on parents rooftop 😊Florida cracker
Top 5 Tricks To Reduce Cortisol Levels (The Stress hormone)
Stress resolution challenges.
Sеxy sеlfiе
Do you want to fuck me?
Stressed about life in general
5 Health Benefits of Sleep (#1 Lower Stress)
Difference Between Pressure and stress [All AWESOME Points]
😔🤦🏾‍♀️ I'm so fucking stressed
Stress relief during pregnancy - Women Fitness Magazine
Need Help! How do I manage feeling super anxious and uncomfortable at school and in all my classes?
Contro il nervosismo masticate una gomma...
School is affecting me as a person
Time for a break - The lesson I learnt from breaking my foot.
rachelbananas.com for Healing music for YOU review 🎶 stress insomnia anxiety so many testimonies - thousands
It's Just a Job, It's Not an Adventure!
Change affects me so much, the stress is debilitating.
Estrés como enfermedad: el estrés en el trabajo
Being a better person
Your Post-Election Guide to Managing Stress
Anyone interested in taking a 15 min survey on stress coping? I'm working on my dissertation and met a few challenges with getting enough participants. I need male (current or previous) students. Send me an e-mail if you are interested in hearing the results. Thank you!
7 Stress Relief Tips to Come out Instantly
Not sure what my boss meant.
Why am i not eatting as much?
I need to get this off my chest
Free Therapeutic Grade Soy Candle for stress
How do I calm down when I get triggered?
Survey: Coping with stress
Want to live stress free life?
Stress Effects On Your Body
Can anyone help me with my stress problems?
Relaxing piano music to help destress
anyone have any tips for stress/anxiety induced vomiting? Having a lot of troubles especially in the morning.
Stressed about college course
Stress, anxiety
Supplements For Stress
math class is SO STRESSFUL
How do I deal with stress when I live with the stressors?
Which type of stress affects you the most? Relationship stress, stresses at work, or finances? Thanks for your shares!
How to overcome stress at school - a video I made
Working under pressure of time
Are You Suffering From Cumulative Stress? | Anxiety Relief
Mood-enhancing supplement | Anxiety Relief
Not really sure
Dealing with an emotional storm
“Вигоріти” заживо: 5 ознак того, що ви втрачаєте себе
Coping mechanisms for stress
I make handmade soy candles for Stress & Anxiety
Без меж: як “токсичні” люди вбивають наше здоров’я
Stress Management Training in Delhi
Simple Natural Remedies For Stress And Anxiety
Powerful Daily Affirmations For Anxiety, Self Love, & Inner Healing
I want to be extremely stressed
How do you unwind?
Just got back from vacation and everything fell apart
[FREE] Onlinе-Dаting = Sеx оn the First Datе
Maybe this will help you.
GET RELIEF FROM STRESS AND ANXIETY
Moved out on my own
Stress And Work Life Balance: The Challenges And Solutions
Public Speaking- need help
Need help?
Stress relief tips...?
Vui vẻ cùng chùm thơ chế | Sanhbai Today
Too Stressed To Go Back To Work
Stressing, but why am I so calm and doing nothing?
Mind stress-Symptoms, Causes, Preventions and important facts about stress
Deadlines, deadlines and more deadlines
Ways to Relieve Stress For Satisfication - Health Tips Time
I feel like I'm watching my life crash and I can't stop it
Stress management Course Is The Best Solution For Sleep Disorder
School might have fucked up my chances of getting into university.
Stress relief app - Satisfying Sounds ( Android )
5 Tips To Prevent Age-Related Memory Loss
Say No More And Good Bye To Stress With Stress Management At Los Angeles
Here are many methods to help reduce the stress in your new year.
The Amazing Effect of Good Habits on Decreasing Stress
Don't feel safe
Please write down something if u know.
Should I move across country to live with a father Ive never met?
Current Address question
If you've ever had to pee in your car...
MORE LIKE BLEAK FRIDAY
Dv victim and mother
Trying to get a hotel room
About to be homeless in Michigan this Friday, just in time for winter. Need a place to stay until I can get back on my feet, I'll give myself a 1-3 month time limit.
[Orlando, FL] need help w/ some short term options.
Social Services In Texas?
Need assistance. Short on rent facing eviction
Looking for Advice...
What do I do now?
I moved back home. Shoot me.
What would you suggest doing if you're a homeless 18-year old male?
24[M] Uk. Employed, dont get paid for a week. Sleeping in car with fuel light on.
A few survival tips from someone who survived homelessness.
College graduate with no life experience please help
Struggling Mother
Where would you stash a suitcase full of belongings if you're homeless?
Can I get an opinion?
About to be kicked out on street, clean no drugs,have job. Feel hopeless
17 yo father.
A girl I know is basically homeless, is there anything I can do to help?
really serious
[US] If you are about to be homeless, this Guide will help you in how to survive being homeless.
[Ontario, peel region] 18F, just got kicked out
[30F Raleigh, NC] Posting for a friend who needs a temporary room.
Getting kicked out for speaking up against family member
Can't get home.
Here is my thoughts and opinions and advice if you are facing homelessness or about to be.
Help?
[Hungary] I'm possibly on one of Fidesz's blacklists and I'm unable to find a job, what should I do?
I have an eviction on my record, almost no rental history, I had to leave where I was living, and now I need to find an apartment.
Places to board pets or trustworthy places that will look after them while you're down on your luck?
[deleted by user]
I think my brother is homeless
Advice on Setting Up [Texas, US]
My friend is about to be homeless
Hopping on a bus to NYC tommorow for homeless living - need quick advice
About to be evicted tomorrow unless I can get $397.
18, getting kicked out
People don't realize being homeless doesn't have to mean you are out of money...
We need your help. We won't survive winter.
[REQ]($84.54) Froze my gym membership and was charged plus overdraft fee
Homeless Man To ANTIFA: "White Privilege?! I live on the f-king street bitch!"
I may... Or probably will become homeless for sometime in Turkey particularly, any advice on how to survive?
LOOKING FOR ROOMMATE FOR PASADENA, TEXAS APARTMENT
if you need a home of your own in memphis read here
Abused, Desperate & Homeless
$2500 or I loose my kids and become homeless
I just dont know
I had no idea that something like 80% of Americans are overpaying for their insurance. In 5 years Americans overpaid by like $101 BILLION dollars. You can easily check how much you're overpaying!
23, in school probably going to be kicked put pf my home soon. Need advice.
Time for a new path?
End of my rope
Username NOT Relevant, Jobless, one month left in my apartment [OH, US]
Sleeping in my car in the hot Florida heat...tips?
October 25th
Looking for a city/state where I can find immediate housing and work
Urgent Help!! Will be homeless soon!!
Writing this for my best friend
I’m about to be homeless because I need to leave my mentally unstable boyfriend.
IM 22, never went to college and ATBH
[REQ] ($2,100) #Hollywood, FL USA // Paypal
Running low on options- Las Vegas
This is my signal flare
Homeless shelter vs vehicle
Where/what is the safest place/way for me to borrow money?
How to stay positive through homelessness?
Post on Behalf of a Friend [Illinois, USA]
Possibly homeless soon in Charlotte, dont really know what to do
Mom about to kick me out? (MN)
I want to runaway
I want to runaway
I'm literally about to become homeless?
I've been homeless for 3 months. I need some help.
Housing Advice (NYC)
Moving out/Kicked Out
Homeless advice? (Niagara Falls, Canada)
25 year old woman homeless in Los Angeles
I may be homeless in about week. What's the best way to do homelessness?
Short on rent because of issue with paycheck.
Family of 4 and two cats almost homeless. Can't figure anything out. Help.
About to be homeless in MN. Advice for car living for 2-4 months?
Got fired last week and now I’m about to be homeless.
A way to make some money for anyone with access to a PC or a SmartPhone
Human Kind
About to be homeless in Greene County, NY - any advice?
I’m turning 18 in a few days but I got kicked out of my home
Full time student about to be homeless, no clue what to do, desperately need some direction.
People who sleep in theirs Cars in LA????
Homeless in three days due to mental illness but feeling lucky.
24(m) need help leaving abusive parents home
[29/F] 2 Months Until Homeless Again -Please Help
About to be homeless in NYC
[33/M] A few weeks to prepare and desperate for advice.
41 year old female in Baltimore MD facing homelessness for the first time and terrified!
Homeless in less than a week
I’m 18, and my parents are too poor to afford our house and we might become homeless
New Jersey, 7 days until lock out
Conway SC, elderly with broken wrist, hip, and schizophrenia being released from the hospital with no where to go
[27M - Rochester, NY] Recent Cybersecurity Graduate
[Berlington/Mt Vernon/Bellingham Washington] Father is getting a new job soon and can't afford the hotel for much longer or an apartment's deposit.
Quote Of The Day
Disabled with a family of 4 in urgent need of help!
Quote Of The Day
Going to be homeless come November 1st...
almost to that point, needing advice
Seattle, WA: Disabled; partner suddenly leaving, can't care for self, animals to support or rehome. Long but please read
Homeless Camping advice?
My cousin will be homeless soon, how can I help him?
Turned 21 on the 8th, homeless with no options.
[New Jersey, US] Boss paying mom late, we owe the hotel $1200 and we can't make the down payment date for a house we were about to get.
Just lost job, house, and pretty much everything, what are my options?
Cities can’t prosecute people for sleeping on the streets if they have nowhere else to go because it amounts to cruel and unusual punishment, which is unconstitutional, a federal appeals court said Tuesday
Just got kicked out of the house at 18, no clue what to do and I’m really scared
Officially homeless in 2 hours
Pregnant and almost homeless
[Fairfax, VA - 35M w/55F] - Preparation and Guidance?
Homeless or suicide?
[26M - Fort Worth, Texas] Escaping Abusive Family - seeking place to stay until I can move North (possibly also transport & a place in civilization?)
As a former homeless person for ten plus years this is my advice and tips for being homeless and surviving homelessness.
Need help deciding where to go✌🏻️
A little help from the community could save my short term future.
Time to gift again, $15 Best Buy Gift card to someone almost homeless.
On the verge of being homeless
[Bay Area, CA] Student asking for Assistance
[Seeking advice ] Stuck in Florida
[Offer] Possibly offering a free room and a job, job may be with Microsoft if you have IT experience.
In need of help
I feel like I'm going insane. My grandma is an absolute nightmare, she's ruining my life and now I'm jobless and I need out ASAP. [LA willing to relocate]
Real life vs. Internet
Free Money Contest!
Short on rent, facing homelessness for a second time
17 and almost homeless
I just turned 19 and my mom gave me till the first to get out.
We did it! Mobile, Alabama.
Going to be homeless tomorrow, Monday
I plan on leaving someday and need advice for when that comes
Android application paying 50$ per week
Conundrum
My tips for being homeless!
Being evicted in a couple of days. Going to be living in my car. What are some must-have items I'll need in the first few weeks?
My time being ‘Homeless’ in France at 18 (1989)
Thanks guys for your help
A long explanation of my messy situation
What are some good 24 hour places to sleep at
Downfalls do not define failure.
Been homeless since 2014
24/m Just got thrown out of the house this morning
Need advice for living in car
What are some 24 hour places I can sleep at?
Hey guys can you help?
R1: Loan? Donation? Please help me find 14k to buy our home to avoid homelessness for me, my BF and 2 kids
Homeless in Melbourne - services to buy textbooks?
[Gravesend, UK] Been made homeless by my hostel. Need help.
Please help me anything you can give me what me great!
About to be evicted in WNY
[Hunstville, Alabama] My friend just became homeless. Can anyone give us advice?
A bit of a story. Potentially homeless with my family very soon.
[Volunteer] Starting non-profit to help homeless - feedback wanted
What are the ramifications if I get caught camping in a place that's prohibited? Tips?
I'll probably be homeless in 2 days. I'm unemployed and have nothing. What to do?
A lot of jobs that provide you with room and board...
Use This To Get Basic Supplies ($100 USD Amazon Gift Card) (x-post from /workonline)
Potentially homeless next year if not sooner and more advice or help wanted!
Brothers a pedophile now I suspect my dad of being one as well
Any camping sites in Miami offer being a tent without a truck or anything
Any suggestions for my friend?
Don't worry, things you desire will manifest.
28 and about to be homeless
Help at a crossroads
Need a home.
[21M - San Jose, CA] Trying to leave abusive gf, need a place to keep what little I have
How good are the 'pocket blankets' you can find on Amazon?
Need advice please!
14 and about to be homeless. Tips?
What should I communicate over AirBNB?
I need some advice, or resources, anything! [Colonial Heights, Virginia]
What survival gear should I invest in?
Is human sexual activity ever an option?
Is human sexual activity ever a viable option?
What are red flags of AirBNB hosts?
Parents divorcing. House up for sell. Nowhere to go.
No Longer Homeless!!!! (45 Days)
Help this mother and children
Help this mother and children
I will be homeless in just a few days with no money to my name and no vehicle
Injured + stressed. What do I do?
2 years Homeless as a teen AMA
Please hear me out, I know: Blockchain tech will be the vehicle the people use to divest from Capitalism. I have been silenced, as a black male, by socialists for these ideals since I joined the Sanders campaign and LSC just banned me...
Going to be living in my car soon. Need some advice!
Need help as soon as possible !
What is couchsurfing in Southern California really like? Can anyone elaborate on their experience?
homeless, nowhere to go. Currently chilling at my local dunkin donuts with my laptop. I don't know what to do - any advice besides the crowded shelter (also too far)?
? About homeless with kids
Does anyone know about oil field jobs that require no driver license?
I know it's a long shot, but for 600 u can stay
Willing to work ASAP for rent $ (RENO, NV)
How i make a few bucks every evening
If you're in the SF bay area and almost homeless/homeless please DM me
Where is it easiest to start over? Desperate to get out of this.
18, have a travel trailer and nothing else
Homelessness is mostly a western, urban thing
Homeless In A Few Days
My boyfriend and I will be homeless in August
[OHIO] Disconnected, Confused, Scared, but not giving up. [Relocate, Volunteer]
Single Mom Seeking Advice
Can you help her?
I was told I needed to find somewhere else to stay
Seasonal Jobs
Two days left
19, scared, and not sure when It'll change- Side note, made a post about two hours ago and have clarified some things.
Might be homeless in NC
Might be homeless soon no NC
Trapped in LA with no food, there are no shelters. 21 and got screwed over by family. REDDIT KEEPS DELETING MY POSTS AND ACCOUNTS
To end homelessness, we must rebuild social homes as much as affordable housing. Miracle Messages reunites the homeless with their loved ones, and the rest of us as their neighbors.
I'm breaking...
17 year old kid being kicked out for being transgender
Stranded/Homeless in Los Angeles; no shelters. Not mentally ill or a drug addict
A Minimum-Wage Worker Can’t Pay for a 2-Bedroom Apartment Anywhere in the U.S.
Seeking advice, doing all that I can but almost homeless.
Already homeless in LA. Life or death situation. People are getting violent with me. Too tired to keep explaining over and over and over and over.
Need a roomate, $600 mth
If anyone from Slovakia is almost homeless, maybe I can help.
Will be homeless in a few days. Advice?
Need a place to stay, and you're in a pinch...? Try couchsurfing.com
can I get some tips for going to a shelter? I’m a little nervous
resources for someone who’s almost homeless and disabled?
Does anyone want a Best Buy $40 certificate? People who are almost homeless only please.
My boyfriend is going to have to live in his car, and I'm freaking out.
Laid off after 30 years at the same company.
Hey me too
Graduating on the 9th and have to move out
Caseworker at a homeless shelter, in a city of about ~180k people. I'm here to answer any questions and give you some tips.
This might help you if you’re facing homelessness and you live near Eastern PA
Why don't you all just get a job?
Work in Yellowstone
[Sarasota, FL] Getting evicted this weekend for rent non-payment, got a job offer but it doesn't start paying for a month
Just ran across this sub and thought I could offer a possible solution to some of you.
Living in a Storage Rental
Loads of debt. No skills. Sex offender
UK sofa surfing family
Living in the Car with my Mom
Where to stash belongings fairly cheap?
Getting Kicked Out. Plans?
Just a possible option
(X-post: raisedbynarcissists) URGENT: LIFE OR DEATH SITUATION. Everyone pretends I don't exist. Massive cover up, with attempted murder. Trapped in LA with nothing and nobody.
Can't work and no support...
[20M, 20F - San Jose, CA] Desperately short on food, can barely afford rent, please help
Might be homeless at the end of the month.
Create a secondary Income just from using Google Chrome. It's the easiest money you could make.
I am 18 years old and in high school and i just got kicked out
Hygiene and showering?
Kicked out recently and I need advice on what to do.
[Req] This my last plead
Day 3 of homelessness: updates
Mentally ill, recently homeless. Need advice
24 hours until Homeless
[NC] Will be 20 soon and need to move out asap
Help paying minimum Cricket phone bill
Landlord passed away suddenly. [Southern California]
Getting kicked out, what do I pack?
Where to safely sleep.
Homeless come Monday.. I Need a Miracle
He is injured and homeless! Please help!
In a truly dreadful situation, any good suggestions?
[Chicago] Money almost gone, and don't know where I'll sleep.
[Request] Need $26 to get by till month-end
Me be employed but homeless soon. Any help? x-post from personal finance.
I need to move out, and soon, but I can't find a job nearby and I don't a car.
Need some assistance.
Needing advice
How to get an address when Homeless?
Potentially homeless, where to go?
Long Term concern: Housing insecurity
MB, Canada. Behind and broke.
Few easy ways to make money
[Dallas] Anyone have experience using HUD-VASH? A lot of these services, you have to already be homeless.
Almost homeless in Lewiston, ID. Need sober living rent money. In recovery
IBIN Introduces Blockshares to the Blockchain
In desperate need of money for rent and utilities due to family emergency
Paved with good intentions
Here we go again. 4 kids, low overhead, but still not low enough.
[Wichita, KS] About to be kicked out
Rich people talking about BitCoin - Bill Gates
Family of 16 about to lose their home
Help me help a friend out.
First Time Homeless
I’m 19 and need rent money desperately
26, WA state; need to be out by September; no money, no job, no prospects. End of rope.
Kids, wife and I will have to be out by 11am tomorrow.
Hard decision to make in the next day or so
Living in Office and Bad Credit
About to be homeless in Las Vegas
[Pittsburgh, PA] About to be homeless. Applied for various resources.
Urgent: I could be soon for damages in small claims court soon.
Can't work and spending
If you can if you have a good day, PLEASE help me.
Upcoming AMA on r/personalfinance from someone who managed to claw their way into a stable financial situation!
[Salt Lake, Utah] Not me but my mother. Recently divorced, dad left her with the house they were renting. House is in horrible condition and landlords are having her move out in 60 days. What should she do?
Losing everything, trying to keep the lights on.
About to be homeless in Portland...any advice or tips?
Father hoping for a miracle (WV)
Homeless in Denmark
Eviction court date tomorrow[Nashville,TN]
I just need rent for one more month, please.
Free stuff
I am going to be homeless soon and I'm 17 please I need some sort of advice
Looking for pointers with options I may have missed
Last day in my apt is the 31st....I'm freaking out on what to do
Need money now. Forget the hiring process, background check, and interview.
18F, french and kicked out
I'm being kicked out on the 15th.
I spent 15 bux last month outside necessities! WEW! Take that, Budgeting!
My parents are kicking me out and I don't have a job nor any money saved up. What am I supposed to do?
My baby’s medical expenses are killing us
Been homeless for about 6 years, trying to get back on my feet.
[Commerce Township, MI] Need help finding someone to rent a room from
Fast Loans from $1,000 to $5,000
Offering help in NE Florida.
Please someone help me
Homeless, Cold, and I have Job Interview Tomorrow in Seattle, WA.
Never help a gambler. Will be evicted by 12th this month and I have no job.
This is my life, is it even worth trying?
Everything is falling apart all at once. I'll be homeless after March 6th.
Run out of options
[WA] Splitting up and can't pay rent
Help yourself, By Helping them. $10 Walmart Credit almost instantly. $10 for the referral $10 for the homeless
Bank of America Loan
Father and daughter about to be evicted, mom left us
Begging for $ to cover the next 7 days
SSI wants to reduce my benefits because I don't pay half the rent in my apartment. [Jersey City, NJ]
19 and homeless in raleigh area NC. Any tips?
Maybe Homeless in 4 weeks (UK)
[Halton Region, ON] Recently kicked out of home after failing college.
Already temporary situation becoming even more temporary
Took the kids and left
[Columbia, SC] Homeless as of tomorrow.
Single mother in okc
My sister abandoned me
I don't know what to do..
PLEASE HELP
[THANK YOU] to this whole sub too xoxo
I'm 16 years old and am about to be on the streets
[Pennsylvania] Mortgage/Refinance Problems
[Long Island, NY] Helping a friend who is out of work on disability
[PA] I hoped it wouldn't come to this but apparently I need advice.
Getting evicted from my apartment
[Portland, OR] Part time 27 year old with $7000 in credit card debt. Interest rates on my credit card is keeping from ever getting out of debt right now. What options do I have?
About to become homeless in NSW, Australia? Read me.
Where Does One Go For Help If Facing or Are Homeless? As Discovered by this Homeless Mother
I’m 19, Have $600, Going To Be Homeless Tomorrow...What Should I Do?
Need Advice
Thugs looking for sleeping victims at Walmart leads to 100mph interstate chase
[32 F FL, 42 M FL] We’re unemployed and almost homeless. We need advice and direction. Can you help, Reddit?
Unemployed and sinking into debt (Canada)
Homeless as of tomorrow.
Not almost, there.
Snow took away my work hours, can't pay bills. [Charleston, SC]
[deleted by user]
Help! Just getting back up on my feet!
(20 - Cupertino, CA) Disabled, living in a tent, struggling to get my shit together
[swe] What can i do?
Choosing to be homeless?
18/M/Western Europe
Happy Christmas - also out of options [EU]
Where can I sleep during the day? I’m soon to be homeless
Can’t go home tommorrow where do I go?
I feel kind of dumb right now. I just gave money to a peddler, but I myself am broke. I’ve asked for money before and no one gave me anything. I feel incredibly naïve I for helping when I can’t help myself.
Moving to a low cost of living area has destroyed my finances. I'm considering several options on how to proceed and really need advice.
[Ohio, US] Friends close to homelessness
[NYC area] - Husband broke up with me and want to sell/giveaway stuff
[Portland, OR] Homeless in January
My sister was arrested for defending herself against an abuser. she now needs a place to go. please raise awareness
My narcissistic boss has been promising me raises “on the next paycheck” for 6 weeks. He now owes me $2.50/hr in pay increases, and I don’t know how to handle this. I can’t afford to keep commuting super far to work, but I don’t want to transfer before I get my raise, obviously. Any advice?
[Connecticut, USA] May be kicked out, I just want to be prepared.
Homeless? Need some advice
Getting kicked out in January, I have $4500 in savings. Need help planning my next me
Homeless in New Jersey
Going to buy some stuff for homeless people in my area, what would be most helpful?
Homeless in 3 days
Almost homeless in Chicago
[Florida, USA] Will be homeless tonight.
Homeless in 3 days
[United States] Tragic backstory, abusive household... really need a place to go!
Someone please help!
I feel pathetic doing this, but can anyone please help me pay to have a boot removed from my car? I’ve been living in my car all semester, and I’ve worked hard enough to earn A’s in my classes. My school booted my car, and they’re going to tow it by 6 pm tonight if I don’t pay them in full.
Any good sites to find a decent living room to stay in?
My sister & family
My single mother and I just lost our place. We am moving in with family. Cannot pay bills - I’m devastated and scared.
[21, F, Long Beach, California] Can't find a job & I'm afraid of getting kicked out.
25F, ended things with abusive ex, he said tonight is my last night
One of my professors is offering to let me stay rent-free at one of their unused houses in exchange for me helping them with housework/remodeling(?). They’re also letting me take an incomplete, so I can retake their class next semester. This is unprecedented for me. How to handle?
Help not coming home tommorow
Cant stay in my house anymore
20 Year Old / Forced to move out
partner getting kicked out by parents
Hi People with good hearts . Is here someone who can borrow or give 5000 dollars . Critical situation .. I’m more then 30yr .. i have no more ways. Have good Christmas time Good People .
Just wanted to give a quick, hopefully helpful tip on affordable food. Definitely check out Little Caesar’s. They have a $5 pepperoni pizza, which packs ~2200 calories. I’ve had one of those every day for the past 80 days or so, and they’re usually pretty good. Add a TSP of PB on side for more cals.
Anyone know how to ask grocery stores for food they’re gonna throw away? What time do I need to go in? Who do I ask, and when do I ask? Does it have to be only a grocery store, or do Wal Marts count, too?
My EBT card came in the mail long ago, but the balance has been zero... what’s the deal? DWS closed today.
My sisters in hospital I can't afford rent food or Christmas for my 2 nephews please help
[Tallashee Florida] I'm having trouble finding $60 to get back home!
Almost homeless - Update
Elderly Friend Needs Place to Live [Houston] Please Help
Facing eviction from my apartment and would like clarification/advice about my rights
Injured and I'm a liability, so nobody will hire me. Any financial advice?
[Canada] I am an 18 year old student kicked out of the house, unemployed and currently couch surfing. I need to find a place to live and a job by December or I’ll be on the streets.
[UPDATE] Posted here a few months ago, just wanted to say thanks!
I’ve been strongly considering suicide for quite a while, and I’m thinking of leaving this account with my peers, so it can help educate people on domestic abuse and homelessness. Are there any agencies (United Way, Boys and Girls Club, etc.) that may be interested in having my account info?
Holy shit. Police officer just came to window of my car in Wal Mart parking lot. He asked me what I was doing, as he noticed my car here in the past. Says Wal Mart hasn’t said anything, but he wanted to check on my car. He’s letting me stay in the parking lot tonight. Thank you, sir.
My kids don't understand that yes they are going to be homeless soon and that no it is not my fault. Advice?
I'm going to make my kids homeless soon they act like the "hurt" ones and say it is my fault
I NEED ASSISTANCE WITH FILLING OUT FORM ONLINE BY TOMORROW NIGHT (GOOD PAY)
Making rent
[Kansas City, Kansas/Missouri] I start work in the morning, but, we got scammed out of our money in a sublet fraud, and now aren't sure of housing
Earn Money Fast With Little Investments.
2 weeks in a hotel
If you need a pickmeup, here it is. The secret is OUT! Come see how to manifest the money of your dreams, bullshit excluded.
Learn The Best 3 Ways To Make Money Online
windsor canada looking for housing advice, 36 days left. limited income.
I just need somewhere to go.
Trying to Figure Out My Options
Counting down the days until I run out of my seizure meds and the roof over my head. In need of advice. [Allentown, PA]
Dear Diary, I am soon to become homeless.
How necessary are sunshades when sleeping in the car at night? My car is generally pretty safe during the day, but I do wonder about my own security at night. My back windows are heavily tinted, but the front side windows are only somewhat tinted, and the windshield isn’t tinted at all.
Almost homeless after checkout
For the past week I’ve been parking overnight at a 24hr grocery. Over the week, I noticed that other homeless people started parking next to me. Then this morning the store manager walked by our cars at 7 am and told us “time to move!” Today, I’m noticing that none of the homeless are there. Is it..
Not sure if an eviction will happen! [Atlanta, GA]
How to inconspicuously urinate in car? And where to dispose?
My friend (29M) is an immigrant, unemployed, and waiting for work permit [Santa Rosa, CA]
Almost Homeless [Las Cruces, NM]
Homeless due to health issues wonder if any of my idea's are OK?
Renting raw land cheap and pitching a tent vs stealth sleeping in your car? Other options?
Things to pack?
I think I was assaulted at Walmart while sleeping.
Just got served eviction notice
Need advice for house hunting (East TN)
Almost homeless [San Angelo, TX, USA]
Update: Now the moderators have banned me from r/fitness because I posted on THIS subreddit about them.
The moderators of r/fitness hid and removed my thread (see lost history) after the community gathered together to provide support. I posted a follow up post, and the moderators did the same thing to that thread. Absolutely unreal.
What are the best hours for discretely parking in and leaving a residential area overnight?
Advice/Assistance- Girlfriend has broken up with me and is kicking me out of the apartment.
I was just parked in the back of a Target in daylight (still in a parking space), and a police officer pulled up behind me for about a minute and obviously ran my tags. I’m scared that he might be taking notes on me, and this is one place where I sometimes park. Should I be worried?
[Dallas, TX] If a veteran becomes homeless, they should head for a VA Medical Center?
My boyfriend is on the verge of becoming homeless. [Virginia Beach, VA]
Energy Assistance
20, homeless for 3 years, out of options and just need advice
Redirected Here: Getting Evicted
Lost my Chase debit card and I don't have a mailing address. So to where should I tell them to send a replacement?
At food banks, how much food are you allowed per visit!
Where to throw away items larger in volume--such as pizza boxes? Don't want to throw away in dumpsters, as may get in trouble.
Help please, my family is on let brink of hitting rock bottom
Holy shit. I woke up randomly at 2 am to check my surroundings. I was parked at a new Wal Mart when a tow/boot truck pulled up behind my vehicle. O immediately shifted into reverse and turned on my headlights, and the pesky car boot man backed off. I still don't know where to park.
[Almost homeless] Please help my friend not get evicted! (Orlando, Florida)
Randomly kicked out and homeless and need help
Wife (23f) and I(22f) are about to be temporarily homeless. Just looking for tips.
where can one store 'stuff' securely?
Easy Money Chase 300$ bank bonus
Victoria BC. Canada. What can help me stay "almost"?
[CA, USA] Collection agency took our mortgage payment - how do I fill out a Claim of exemption?
A friend is struggling. [Ventura, CA]
Long lament, mostly just to get it off my chest and clear my mind.
Thank you to everyone who has offered help. I want to thank everyone individually as soon as I have time to type out individual replies, and I will. In the meantime, do you think I can bring my electric shaver into gas station bathrooms and shave in there? I can carry my shaver in my messenger bag.
please help
Scared to go to class, because all my clothes are dirty. Spent the weekend sick and at the hospital, and I had diarrhea through my best pants and only underwear. (No I don't have money to replace my underwear.) We take attendance in class, so I have to go in order to not fail. What to do?
18 and about to be homeless, I need some guidance.
Emailed one of my professors asking for help, and she said she couldn't help and that "I'm sorry life is so stressful"
Been puking all morning in my car (which I live out of, basically), but I have work tonight from 5 to 10:30 pm. I never thought I'd struggle with this decision, but I don't know if working a lot is making me sick.
Is there any potential/likely benefit to tell your boss you're suddenly homeless due to domestic violence?
Mom died suddenly, I'm now paying her bills with no job. Where do I start?
Where to clean out car?
Father sells out.
23 years old about to be put on the streets
Was told to post here from PF
Family trying to kick me [West Midlands, UK]
[Guelph, On] Need $500 CAD or I have nowhere to sleep.
About to be homeless [Space Coast]
Afraid my current roommate might be destitute once we part ways, is there anything more I can do?
Almost Homeless, Need a Loan Before Payday [Brighton, UK]
Have less than a month to find a place to stay. Have had a lot of tragedies happen. Can't pay my rent.
Found a way to earn free money for viewing ads
I have less than 35 hours to pack
Living in an activspace
My job cut my hours, I dont have enough $$$ to pay rent this month [Seattle, WA]
Gonna get a lot worse from here, but right now this is my darkest hour
Well, this takes some humbling. [25] soon to be ex military, general discharge, horrible spending habits. Will have nothing in the bank when I'm out in less than a week. Theres no use in pointing fingers while everything that is gonna happen, happens.
[27] Back in America with no place to sleep
Advice on getting a job as waiter/cashier/cook
Trying to change my life. On the verge of extreme poverty
18, verge of homelessness, living in Kansas City KS
Going to be homeless next month [CT]
FYI: to honor the solar eclipse, Denny's restaurants are having all-you-can-eat pancakes for $4.
[North County- San Diego, CA] Just lost my sole source of income, have about 2 months worth of finances left
Homeless tonight
[Manchester, UK] I need money to get started out of university but my loan request was denied. I've also hit the overdraft limit in my bank account. What can I do?
Stuck in Thailand. Down to my Last $200
20 Days Until I'm officially homeless. I have a (PT) Job, no money saved, no car, no friends, no idea what to do, advice?
What is an autistic person supposed to do if they are about to be homeless?
Kicked out, have to leave tomorrow morning. Don't want to live in car again.
Need help paying rent and food. Will offer 50€ to person who loans me 1100€
[Request] Urgent Housing Need
[Crossposted from PersonalFinance] 22/M/S First time moving out [CANADA]
[Orem, UT] I am going to be homeless starting on the 11th and I need some help and advice
Homeless in Big Apple
[Northern New Jersey] 19, female, just fired, and about to be kicked out.
Don't know what to do next.
[Cupertino/Sunnyvale, CA] Young couple about to be evicted, need help
Running out of places to stay at - 17, turning 18 in the fall
(Lehigh Valley,PA)I need financial advice\help before I become homeless
[LA County, CA] Please help me. Please give me some advice. Anything. Please.
Teen here probably about to be homeless
Disabled man who vlogs to keep his mind off his deceased wife lives in a small room by himself with only hamsters for company. He can only afford to pay his rent to prevent being homeless or his bankruptcy in order to keep his medicine.
Scared
Money Order for Rent Stolen
I'm in desperate need of help. Please help me..
Soon to be evicted and homeless, what stuff do we need to live "on the streets"?
Not for Me, but a Close Friend Recently Became Homeless, and I am Seeking Advice and Assistance for Her
Homeless in a week, no savings, no sellable property.
[Lakeland, FL] Kevin is a brilliant student with Asperger's syndrome, he graduated high school summa cum laude in June with a +4.0 GPA and has the opportunity to go to Syracuse University in NY but he and his family are about to be homeless without healthcare or transportation. Help/share if you can
Homeless in 6 days, trans 26 years old [Flint, MI]
Need help, Have a job 600/mo roughly. Socal. My dad might blackmail me and kick me out for legal weed. Help me please....
Do charities even charit anymore?
I finally left - now homeless in Los Angeles
[Lexington, KY] i don't know where to go from here, advice much appreciated
Need assistance in case my family kicks me out of house
24 And In Danger Of being Homeless
[19 FL] Parents are leaving the state without me
Hopeless
Requested an emergency transfer of money from broker and they decided to send it in a check by mail...
Secret to use your bad time to your greatness..
[Lexington, KY} 11 days left, don't need much.
I'm a single mom, and my boyfriend is a military veteran. going to be homeless in 11 days
Dad is about to be homeless
Family friend has recently become homeless with 5 children, how can we help?
Dad and Daughter facing eviction in less than one week
[Beaverton, OR] Homeless, currently in Hotel
[27, NJ] Got about a good 9 days until I need to leave. Any tips on acquiring work while homeless? Details within
Self-employment creating problems for housing.
About to be fired.
Parents will kick me out when I turn 18 in September
Handout for those in need on the sub
(UK) Emergency situation. Parents have kicked me (19,m) out with nothing to my name. Need emergency help.
what kind of inexpensive food is the best way to sustain myself if I don't have refrigerator or microwave access?
[Shanghai, China; USA] My US citizen friend is stuck in China, injured, broke, and her student visa is running out. Nowhere to turn for help and no home to come back to in the US.
Need advice
I'm 20 and life just hit me.
Can't pay rent or electricity bill, the cut off is tomorrow. Are there any emergency assistance places??
My job is tied to my housing, my position is being eliminated so I am going to lose my housing in a little more than a month.
[Cupertino, CA - 20M] Currently living in a tent, need help
3 days till I'll be homeless
Looking for advice for my mother [50 F] and I guess myself [23 F] [OC, California]
My Parents have kicked me out and I Turn 18 in a week
For your convenience, here is a Sticky for the Wiki. If you're on mobile, you may wish to read here.
Overwhelmed
Overwhelmed
My three boys(6m,4m,1m) and I(28/m) are about to lose everything, if something doesn't happen. I lost my job, and have been selling our personals on Craigslist and things. Any advice/help would be awesome!!
Help me to get a scholarship to live in Sweden for my Master's!
[deleted by user]
In need of Assisstance
Going through financial struggles and need some help
20, San Diego, am now completely homeless.
Seeking advice for 65 year old mother with no job, medical problems, and a little money[NC]
[NYC] Moving out soon, need rational advice
[NY, USA] 30yo, and they're closing soon, I'm almost homeless.
[Tuscaloosa, AL] Short on rent and having trouble finding a job
Out at 16? [Australia, Tas] [Advice]
'Need Serious Help, 25 yr old on verge of homeless due to broken leases and bad credit San Antonio'
I'm a 19 year old male and I'm being kicked out in 2 days.
Please help. I'm a 36-year-old male in southern California about to become homeless in 1.5 days
I am a 19 year old female, who is about to be homeless. Any suggestions?
Almost homeless, mother of two, bills exceed income
17M Had to part ways with guardians, Can't stay at any other relatives house.
I need help, any advice, on what to do next, and how to do. having issues with dad, and so probably leaving home soon
I need help, homeless at 18
50 Years old and about to be completely homeless. Please help!
21 m Sudden eviction MD
Guidance
Could you please share you perspective?
Family in desperate need of money and advice. Going to be homeless in just a few days
Disowned by Parents
How does one get a library card without an address?
18, female, almost homeless
Can someone please reassure me that homelessness isn't as bad as I might think it is. Like its usually temporary for most people right?
Stressing about a place to live
23M, couldn't get a job so I'm getting kicked out
Go to Prolific Academic and make ten dollars per hour or more on occasion from the comfort of your smartphone!
Eligible for SNAPS or cash assistance?
I'm a 22yr old female Couch Surfer.
There's a new mod in town
Moved with the promise of apt. Got denied.
Please read before commenting
Buy 5$ vcc for 7 dollars via Paypal Buy 10$ vcc for 13 dollars via Paypal Buy 20$ vcc for 25 dollars via Paypal
[NYC 18M] Soon to be homeless
20, Sweden, Disabled victim of bureaucracy
19 Male, been forced into a situation where I have to leave and struggle on my own
DJ, Photographer, Videographer traveling when lease is up
My girlfriend son and I need a place to stay in a month
Pregnant, 21, homeless
Friend being kicked out, collecting resources to help.
Need a loan or I will be evicted and homeless
Me and my mom are homeless
What about the process of getting help has made it more difficult for you?
thinking about squatting, need advice
Losing hope but trudging along. Pleading for help.
On the edge of skipping town and being homeless for a while.
Nervous not sure what to do..
Early 20s, Advice for living in a shelter. [IL]
What would you do if you were me?
About to be kicked out in two weeks, uniquely frustrating situation, cannot get housing [24M, Santa Rosa, California]
[23, CT USA] Kicked out after breakup, just got new job, nowhere to go
[27 f] Soon to be homeless after break up. [rural, PA]
19, getting kicked out in 2 days
Emergency needing information. [Tyler, TX USA]
To what extent, if any, have your friends played in helping you with your situation?
Please help - living in a hotel about to be homeless with MCAS. I have run out of options.
About to be homeless in DC area and need somewhere to live for 2 months
[Toronto, Canada] Am on the brink of being homeless. Help in getting a job(and some food) will be appreciated.
Already homeless, persay, but have friends that would provide temporary residence if I have employment.
Adult sister with undocumented learning disability (Florida)
Housemate situation that was simmering on edge for a couple of months went nuclear two weeks ago. This is the aftermath...
Trying to get away from an abusive living situation. Need help ASAP.
Might be homeless, what to do?
Chronically ill, can't work a "normal" job. Need advice
42 yr old sibling has no place to live, no money, no job, no health insurance in Seattle. Mental health in jeopardy. Where should she start?
[DFW, TX] 18 and Lost
May be homeless soon [Bellflower, CA]
A recent BBC article features landlords letting people stay in their flats in return for 'favours'. Would you consider doing it?
Need advice [Plano, TX]
Anyone almost homeless because of over-zealous tax collection?
20m 9 days till rent is due
Apartment Deposit Assistance
Am homeless. How do you get out of it?
My mother has apparently been missing payments on a credit card since 2009.
I (was) homeless in LA for 3 months last summer. AMA!
Honestly the only thing I'm worried about is my stuff.
idk what to do
Im getting a 10 day notice soon what can I expect.
My 63-year old Mother is close to Being Evicted & Homeless
AMA on being homeless in America
Mother and I can't find house due to eviction.
Tomorrow, is only a day away.
soon to be homeless and not sure what to do Please help any and all advice welcome
Week away from getting a GED, but can't live at home
Donating food?
what kind of background check for food stamps?
Please help my family into a safe home.
Help I want to start over in another state.
where did the "if you have a computer and time..." post go?
Mom just trying to get back on her feet
If you have a computer and time: This might help with money.
I am stranded here in Brooklyn. Trying to get back to Minnesota. I am an aspiring music producer.
Almost 23 and I have nothing to show for it [Fredericksburg, VA]
Does dating just feel hopeless for anyone else?
My three kids and I are going to be homeless soon in Florida...
Almost homeless in New Jersey. Rent's due. Unemployed. No money. How can I get out of this?
Girlfriend and I are planning on moving out. In desperate need of advice and tips and or anything else that help us...
Any one Can Success, on The Internet Today ...
moved to LA ,got robbed and almost homeless
[San Diego, CA] About to be homeless with a car
[Wichita, USA] Desperately need the last bit of rent.
20 years old, can't stay here any longer with abusive family. Need somewhere to go for one month (Akron, OH)
I'm 20 years with no job and just got kicked out of my parents house and I don't know what to do.
An Odd Thing To See In A Homeless Shelter
One day from being homeless (Louisville, KY)
One day away from being homeless[Murrieta, CA]
[Bay Area, CA] 25 year old in semi abusive situation in the Bay Area. Can't afford to live on my own. What should I do?
[Wichita, KS] Struggling to get by, not sure we can make rent.
If I live in one state, but am legally a resident of a different state, which state to I apply to for Food Stamps? [Missouri USA]
I moving out
[Oakland, CA] Almost homeless in the Bay Area...
Struggling to get ahead and fighting to move to another state asap with family of 3.
Overnight car sleeping
Overnight car sleeping
[Kansas City, MO] Plenty of skills, scrambling for a chance.
Tomorrow, I leave.
No support.
I don't know what to do anymore...
Can I qualify for Food Stamps if I have savings in a bank?
[CAN] About to be evicted, nowhere to turn, please help me.
AH in Seattle
Free food guy email list(x-posting to other 'homeless' subs)
Thinking about moving from NYC to out west
[Newport News, VA] I'm a victim of identity theft and about to be homeless. Completely lost and confused. And need help. Was asked to post here.
My father threatened me that if i start working part-time, he will kick me out + he pretends that I don't exist ... What should i do !?
Drugs, in a HOMELESS SHELTER?! Say it ain't SO!
Got kicked out for being gay. Anyone want to hang out in [Seattle, WA]?
Small list of websites and apps that offer various passive income opportunities
Should my daughter visit her mom in jail? Is there a benefit over phone calls?
What to expect in eviction court?
The Plasma Life of the Homeless Funny, Scary, and Truthful
My first 2 weeks of homelessness
Advice for eating healthier?
[CT, USA] No money to eat for roughly another month
About to be homeless with no car
[Iowa Park, TX] On SSI and things are getting close to the edge
Need Money, Will Work
Frustrating rental situation (ghost on paperwork) need help here (Los Angeles, CA)
Hi Reddit! I Am A Computer Science Undergrad Student Researching The Use Of Technology In The Lives of The Homeless
Can't get any ID without Address [Ontario, Canada]
College student cut off, no money, help? [North Georgia]
abandoned in du puis wma campground
How long can one continue to be one month behind on rent before being evicted?
Please hear my story on how I ended up living in my car
Homeless at 21
[Dallas, TX] Parents kicking me out, 19th birthday tomorrow.
11 Days left in my apartment and I'm out there [Dallas, Texas]
Losing the apartment in 4 days. No savings, little income
Is someone trying to advertise products, services, or blogs to you? Having trouble with trolls, rude persons, or other distractions? We do not tolerate that on this subreddit. Click here.
I'm about to be homeless
[CT, USA] Employed FT, can't afford rent. Ex-GF kicking me out by Saturday
Key Advice: Move to a Cheaper Country
[Zachary, La] have money but everything is too expensive.
(Michigan) I literally have nowhere to go
[LA, California] Have cash now but likely homeless soon
[Northern CA] How to move out without a job
[Atlanta, GA]Nearly exhausted my resources... need advice on how to hold on.
[US, AR] No saving; won't be able to make rent next week at this rate or our car payment. Had to hospitalize mentally ill daughter on the sixth and haven't been able to go to work.
[Springfield mo] half brother had my mother and me put out of our house and now we're homeless.
[Charleston, SC] Should I start looking for a backup plan?
Husband and I homeless on 2/16 [Corvallis, OR]
21M. About to be homeless next week. Have cash but no cash flow.
About to be homeless, moving, but will receive inheritance soon, advice?.
I want to help my mom with her finances but I'm not sure exactly where to start. Advice and suggestions would be wonderful.
[Dallas, Texas] Homeless in less than 2 weeks. Just sharing.
[Missouri, USA] she is depressed, suicidal and getting kicked out in days
Homeless at the end of the month [WI, USA]
Consumer Behaviour Survey: Pleasure Spending (uni assignment, in need of diverse demographics)
[UPDATE] we're okay!
[Brisbane, AUS] New crisis handbook for Ipswich/Brisbane, Australia
Just got served a 3-day eviction notice [Jackson, MS]
Want To make an Extra $300 a Month?
Adult with Aspergers on disability, parents kicked me out [US] Will be in the shelter as of next week, tips?
Want To Get Paid $100's daily?
how to earn a small bit of money to help you get by.
[St Cloud, MN] 20 yo, $2,600 in debt with no job. Thinking of moving but lost honestly. Any advice?
(Philadelphia suburbs) about to be homeless, lose car, and got laid off last week.
How do I enter my wages in this format for unemployment?
(Southern Cali) About to be Homeless
[Vancouver, Canada] Just been kicked out, and I don't know what to do
[AB, Canada] what do I use as an address when I don't have am address?
[California] College student possibly about to be homeless along with unaware roommates
Transwoman going homeless on April 1st. (Massachusetts)
Mental health dx's, car just died, nearly broke, feeling lost
About to be evicted in 1 week, living a Lemony Snicket book, family of four and freaking out.
Helping out in Chicago
[Northern Illinois] 19 years old and disabled--in danger of losing job, being kicked out (LONG POST)
Close to Eviction. Looking for advice.[Omaha, NE]
Please we need a angel on earth
I need to move but I cant figure out what to do [corpus Christi, TX]
Need a credit card yet homeless
[US, California] In a really bad place, need some advice.
[WA, US] Can't Make Rent in February.
Twenty two year old case manager leaving a job after finding a new one, looking for a place to sleep safely until I get my first paycheck and can move in. (Denver, or specifically, greenwood village.)
I'm 19 with $1000 to my name and a car with 220k miles on it. I'm about to drive 2.2k miles from AZ to PA. What do I need to know and do?
(NYC) About to be evicted in 30 days, Need advice.
Chronic pain causes me to be almost unemployable - job ideas? [Northern VA]
I'm not sure yet what I am trying to gain from posting this.
Army vet about to lose everything; please help.
Im 18, alone, and don't know how I'm going to live
(Florida) I'm going to be homeless in about a week.
[Bay Area California/Northern California] been homeless since evicted from college dorm room in October. Been financially screwed over. More details and questions in post body.
[SWEDEN] Homeless in 5 days
[Ipswich/Brisbane, AUS] New crisis handbook
Hi, I'm 19 and have no place to stay.
My SO has no money and is about to be homeless.
Disabled woman escaping abusive family (US)
So I just became homeless today...
need batteries for solar system to keep computer going to be able to keep income going
[Minnesota, USA] Caught in a spiral of money problems, can't seem to make headway, advice/help appreciated!
$200 short on rent
[SWEDEN] No money, no job, no nothing...advice please?
Might lose my job soon? I need help! Or I have to leave NYC.
[Athens, GR] 26M that without family providing everything, he would be living of his 400€ personal savings. Needs desperately advice on how to make good moves to get independent and make money/find job to sustain himself.
25 years old and in deep fear of being kicked out [bay area, Ca]
[22, CT USA] Been homeless for three months with no end in sight...
Don't Know What To Do, I Can't Even Pay My...
Don't Know What To Do, And I can't even pay My.... [India]
[New York City, 18/M] Need advice for plan for future
How can I boost my income to afford rent? How can I budget better? [Canada]
[Red Deer, Alberta] Need advice going forward with change.
I live in a dorm, but will be homeless for any break starting January 17th
[Los Angeles, CA] Can you guys tell me where to find resources? I'm employed but I'm going to live in my car to get away from my verbally abusive father.
Helping find someone find employment
[California, USA] Employed but can't make rent. Trying to escape abusive relationship, but I have no children and I don't know if Section 8 or any other public aid will help. Advice?
[GTA, Ontario, Canada] Broke and unexpectedly getting kicked out next month
[SE US] Need third-party perspective, thanks in advance
Need advice quick!
[HUN] 22M 2016 end was pretty bad even worse for my mom
Have been working on an app for people to crowdsource healthcare resources that are free/almost-free. Requesting your advice/input?
19 year old female, I have no idea what I'm doing and I'm f****** terrified.
[southern VT] homeless this summer
About 2 days before first time in my life living in my car
Family of Six in Trouble [Phoenix, AZ]
18M [Moore, Oklahoma]I just turned 18, I was a child in a guardianship and now they want to kick me out, where do I start?
27F, Charleston, SC -- Back again. Will be homeless in a month.
need advice for living on my own at 18
Request for thanksgiving dinner
Family tragedy
[Offer] Free housing for victims of the butte county / Paradise Fire who are able to relocate to Portland, Oregon. (X-post from /Portland)
About to be evicted back to an abusive household.
Halfway Through the First Month at a New Job
cast a vote please!! family needs this win!!
My Mom is Receiving Threatening Phone Calls, What Can I Do?
Ok so I'm in a bind. Found out my roommate is using,selling, and trafficking drugs. I need out immediately. Please read
Food for Thanksgiving
Looking for assistance and can pay back with great interest. Very personal and dont mind elaborating to anyone interested.
Reposting from r/charity for my late newborn son
Please help me get through the Holidays...
Can you help with anything? College student, car broke down and I deliver pizzas to pay rent.
Help get my pregnant gf home
College student looking for ways to make money for Thanksgiving
I think a senior at my school likes me?
Borrowing some kitchen equipment in Herts, England
I found a way for you to help me without giving me money
Need help ASAP, facing homelessness!
If I inform my supervisor that I want human resources present during a meeting, is he obligated to contact them?
[Request] $21.50 loan for electric bill Missouri
Housing assistance anything small or large will truly help please and thank you .
Housing assistance anything small or large will help .
Recently unemployed, the company i worked for went under and didnt notify us till the last minute.
Karma needed for a small loan
Due to a bank screw up I have no money for my RX and the holiday.
[Request]- HELP me out with money to do laundry and transportation and food and maybe even a nice dress to wear to thanksgiving at my boyfriend's, and IN RETURN I'll cook/bake a dish for you or for a redditor of your choice
How to get home soon again?
I Want to Go to College, but I Need Advice (Tricky Situation)
[REQUEST] Need $200 to Avoid Eviction
Best ways to keep chilly apartment warm? SE WI
Can someone help me with car parts?
Hello Assistance, I come to you asking for financial help to keep my cats
Uncle Needs Medication for Multiple Sickness
Due to a bank and my screw up, no money for food for the holidays.
Just need some support
Please help
PS4 help hostage
Jobless and Near Homeless, Please help
Fundraising Ideas
I got a job! Can you help with food? (wishlist)
What are you currently thinking about in one word or phrase?
$100 CAD for groceries... Please help.
May be short on rent money this month-trying to sell clothes but my ads aren’t getting any attention
28yr old battling liver failure & hep-C
[Let me tell you something] I probably haven't used reddit since it's inception until now for one reason.....Do you know what that is? Because of miserable mother fuckers....hell bent on trying to control shit....
Need a vote please, only takes 5 seconds.
Please assist in helping my friend's infant child get the right care for a serious heart condition
My Jayz story
Looking for people to take a survey.
Future dream
[REQUEST] $30 will repay next Tuesday November 27th.
Social security kept my November payment.
Our story about family farm
Please help get my friends doggie to the front page
$50 for groceries
Do you need money?
Need help desperately. Please my marriage is at stake.
I'm 22 and need monetary help for my veteran father's funeral and medical expenses
Need money for my medicine and food this week
Consider helping me make the best Christmas ever for my father!
Need money for food to sustain for the rest of my college semester
Please help. Family w/10 yr old displaced from fires. Advice, help with resources is so appreciated!
Please help! I need survey-takers for my senior project so I can graduate! There are prizes involved!
Need $100 to buy a bike to get my kid to school
[REQUEST] Would you give my life an U-turn? I need 3000$ for plastic surgery
[Request] Super hungry. Hoping someone would help me out with a pizza or something.
Please help a deserving mother in need
[repost] Fragrance Survey for my masters (men especially needed)
[Academic Survey] Religion and Science (Everyone)
Shoes
Redditors, we are so close to 10K! PLease help vote for critical care peaceful outside space to raise the funding 2 days left
Please please help my grandfather get into San assisted living home.
Need 25 survey replies with email if possible for college assignment in 3days!!! Please
I just want to see my brother happy again..
[REQ] can anyone help. Need 50£(65$) to survive till payday. will pay back on friday.(UK)
Disabled Woman in Need of 5X Winter Coat and Size 9 Wide Calf Boots
Need $300 ASAP, I can pay you back!
Need assistance to be able to see doctor.
i'm literally at rock bottom and this is my only option.
most of my friend's accounts vanished sometime in the past few days.
Help me fix my MacBook before spring semester starts up!
Accountability Request! Depression during job hunt
Looking for help getting to work this week
[Request] Help getting a hotel room for my family of 5
Need $300 rent/grocery help! Will be able to pay back $350 on 12/26/18
[REQUEST] food/cheap gifts for Christmas
I'm $12 Short on a Bill Due
Tooth Infection.
Let me borrow $150 and make my Thanksgiving week awesome?
Please help me, I'm desperate
Thank you Snoopy
Requesting help to get partials for my back teeth
Can not reset password on reddit after my 5 year old main account was suspended.
My Aunt Cary has lost her home and belongings in the Paradise Camp Fire. Any help would be appreciated.
Can anyone PLEASE help me get into mturk, I really need this, PLEASE HELP!!
Just feels like it’s the end of everything today.
Power's out due to snow falling on lines. Food in fridge is bad, just need food for tonight, please.
Help for dogs surgery. We are desperate.
Coach ticket
Does anyone have any spare flea treatment?
Not an interesting title, but i cant afford to get to work
[Request] Mom of 4 in desperate need of help with food for thanksgiving. [US]
Hello, I am in between jobs and need a bit of help
Need help for my daughter's meds.
I want to get a lot of downvotes
My 7-year-old son is having a scary procedure on November 29th to look for a brain tumor and his FAVORITE comfort stuffed animal just fell apart when I tried to wash it. :(
Help Moving
My girlfriend’s mother lost everything in the Camp Fire, her second time losing her home to fire in the last six years
[Academic] Charging Cord Questionnaire
I have a job interview today! Please send good vibes my way!!
Repeatedly harassed man needs your help!
Just really needing to "talk"
NEED A VOTE PLEASE!
Barry Hicks needs your help (no money only time required)
Sleeping with the Enemy.. I need help guidance job my license I welcome any help
NEED A VOTE PLEASE!
Someone who can foster my 2 cats for a few months
Restarting my life after losing everything
20/M Currently drowning in everything need some help to breathe between jobs.
Survey iPhone vs Samsung!
Friends lost everything except their lives in the Camp Fire, Paradise CA
My girlfriend's aunt Tori is anemic and in pain and can't afford her medication. Her bills are piling up because of medical bills. Please help if you can
I'm Three Months Behind on my Electric Bill and They're Threatening to Disconnect My Service
A little help getting kitty litter and groceries to last until Wednesday?
Please help me real quick
[Australians] Please complete my survey assessing the condition of Hindley Street, Adelaide!
Need a vote please.
[Academic] Cloud Storage Survey (Everyone)
Saving for Cancer treatment
[South Australia] Please complete my short survey about Hindley Street in Adelaide!
Please help my friend's infant child get the proper care for an otherwise serious heart condition
NEED A VOTE PLEASE!
Seeking help for family who lost everything in the camp fire.
Please help us save our baby boy, Toby
starting from 0
Help with my Army Vet husbands funeral and lawyer fees
My family lost everything in the camp fire
Home
Please help me help the homeless
I could use some help regarding a surgery
Please help 7 months pregnant in need of a car
The spark
Can anybody lend me $20 until Saturday? I’ll gladly pay back $25.
Need a little help
Getting Back On My Feet After A Tough Fall
Help with a college assignment
Help me regain my Life!
Drawing Contest Votes- for two kids
In need of 50 dollars to make it to next Thursday.
Please help a freshman at my school with heart problems recover from being hit by a truck.
Helping my best friend
{REQ} Help a friend of mine get his dog back after job termination.
Someone please help me keep my job
I woke up today with a negative balance.
Help raise money for single father with special needs child.
Follow up on my last post.
Pregnant and stranded
struggling after medical issues + trying to go home for the holidays
In need of just $50 for gas and minor meds
I need help
Help with Gas
[REQ] Single dad needing assistance paying a $391.90 USD electric bill to get lights turned back on
Can any of you good people help me swap £10 in Paypal for £10 in Skrill?
I need help after a motorcycle crash.
Gas needed for Sunday
Quick boxer-shorts survey
Scared and in need
[REQUEST] Cat litter
Please help
Save Midnight! [ANIMAL] [PET]
Please help me keep my dog fed and warm :(
Need IPhone - Any Old Model that Works
I need serious help I’m stuck
[deleted by user]
[REQ] 15$ missing for my bills, i need to pay them until tonight
[REQ] need 50£(~65$) for food and other necessities. Can pay back next friday.
Please help me finish fundraising for my Nepal mission trip 🇳🇵
Service Dog for Bedbound 21 Year Old
[deleted by user]
Birthday fundraising for cat treatment
We're going on a #CanineCaravan 14000 kilometers 9 stray dogs 3 countries 1 EPIC adventure
Need any job in Chicago - BSEE
Camp fire destroys loving couples home.
Couple loses home and everything in it to fire.
US - Vet bills for our cats
[Academic] Hospital Emergency Department visit experience survey
Do I have stomach cancer?
T-Mobile is crazy & confusing
[Req] struggling mom of two needing immediate assistance moving due to lease termination OHIO
Stuck
Thinking about killing myself immediately...as im writing this, im now questioning even asking for help. The feeling of my heart beating is agony. I dont know what i want now...am i asking for someone to help me or kill me? In my opinion, thatd probably be helpful in itself...
App is totally free. I can only afford free things right now. If you join through this link, we both benefit.
I need some people to take a survey (Americans)
Very hungry, could really use some help right now!
This app is free. I can only afford free things right now. If you do this, youll help me out.
22 year old with 2 children needing help with applying for scholarships. Possibly needing suggestions on what scholarships to apply for and other things I should be doing to make the most of this. I am STOKED to be going back but I want to make sure I do it right.
Anyone speak Spanish with a minute to spare to help me understand what these guys are saying behind my back (yet in front of me)
I am a broke college student and I need 20€ for a new textbook till next week
Opinions needed
need votes please!!
[UPDATE] Got our alternator fixed and car running again thank god.
Help with western Union
I Need A Loan Please
Need a place to live
[repost] Fragrance survey (everyone age 20+)
[repost] [academic] Fragrance survey (everyone age 20+)
[Request] Looking for editing job.
Please help my poppy.
[Request] Need help
My good friend and coworker lost almost everything in the Camp Fire
Is it possible to take a custom character from game A to Game B
[URGENT] My friend just asked me to be his boyfriend!! Help!
Seeking men between the ages of 45 and 60 in the US for online survey on mental health and body image
[Request] Looking for an editing job.
I need 46 dollars so I can register for next semester
My close friends' son has acute Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy, can Reddit help?
Help with filling out a survey on breaking up?
Please tweet my mom's story to Ellen.
I need to do a money transfer with wu, i will pay you by PayPal
Someone help with Western Union
Request to borrow $550, can pay back TOMORROW
Can someone lend me gas money?
Can someone PayPal/Cashapp me $1 or $2?
how to gain Karma so I can post on r/borrow
UC Davis resumes classes under UNHEALTHY air conditions
Help with Amazon US Gift card in Germany
Custody of siblings
Help us win the Google Impact Challenge
Help us win the Google Impact Challenge (TL;DR Help us win a USD 250k grant o set up a Video ON Demand that provides training for people in the Kenyan film Industry)
A man from my hometown went to FL to help with hurricane relief, but he had a stroke and is stuck there until they can raise the money.
Help me with my families future.
[Request] laptop for school
BOISE IDAHO TRYING TO GET TO METHADONE CLINIC EACH MORNING ABOUT 4 MILES EACH WAY. PRISON IS CONSEQUENCE IF I DONT.
About to be homeless in Michigan this Friday, just in time for winter. Need a place to stay until I can get back on my feet, I'll give myself a 1-3 month time limit.
Please help my family out
Please help save my sweet girl Skye.
So I broke my only Xbox controller and I have no income... [NORTH WEST UK]
I want to help. What are some "adulting" things you find hard / difficult?
In need of some help
Need some help
Need help to avoid becoming homeless.
Survey - Looking for people who have tried a meal kit before
Write My Romeo and Juliet Essay
[OFFER] 12 LACMA museum bookmarks
Help Please PPL of the internet
$2000 to be paid back with interest[$2500+] by 3/ 10/ 19
In pretty desperate need to make rent. I need $2900 before the writ of possession is filed tomorrow.
Someone help me I don’t know how to study (Biology)
[Repost] [Survey] Perfectionism and Relationship Beliefs
[Request] No food until Payday (Friday)
Life took a big ol' dump on me. Need financial help.
my disabilities worsen in the cold and I'm in urgent need of warm clothes
Help a domestic violence victim with 3 young kids prevent an eviction
[Offer] [Toronto] Doggy Therapy!
[Request][Toronto] A small laptop or tablet with keybiard flip cover, for college coding course?
Help me pay my child’s vaccines
[deleted by user]
Help
Some advice on human decency
Help
[REQ] Short on money until payday, need 30 for groceries.
My Karma is to low to ask for request.
Help me please
My mom's car broke (basically it's the family's car) and we cannot afford another one for the moment.
Help my doggo
[REQ] need 50£ for food till next friday (UK)
[Offer] Working xBox 360 with controller and games
[request] Facing eviction w/ 3 kids - proof provided
Lost my old account, karma too low to post a request i guess.
Please help me see my mother for her last Thanksgiving.
Trying to cover up my college fees
[Offer] Code for free redbox disc rental
Please install my app, trying to make up my college fee
[Request] 1.06
I have an old target gift card with $15 on it for anyone who needs it for food or for their kids
How do i fix this reddit does not let me log in through browsers
[US] Living with Keratoconus & need help paying for eye surgery
Assistance to Camp Fire victims
My family and I are feeding the homeless on Dec 1st and we need blankets/warm items to pass out. Please pm me if you would like to help.
Rebuild Fishrestaurant Zerza
I NEED HELP URGENTLY WITH THIS PROBLEM
Camp Fire My Dad Lost Everything
Please help me help my mum!!! (Surgery, living costs)
Need help with phone bill, bus fare (Indianapolis, IN)
After losing my child I'm struggling,need water and lights bills and some flood . Can someone help please
I know this is kind of unusual for this sub, but i'm working on a project for a class and I could use some help!
Finally lost our last possession of shelter.
So how father thst just lost his young son to cancer . Please read and share the Go fund me link
I need help with getting Size 13 Hearing Aid Batteries
Disabled single mom, homeless & lost my job weeks apart
New job + car troubles + rent due 😔
Please help my cousin, he is 16 and has cancer
Need refferalls for Acorns to get the $1,100 dollar bonus - will give a portion of it to the first 11 people to use my code
How can I prove to the insurance company that the other driver was at fault?
[REQ] (UK, kent) Can I please have £10 so I can buy a pizza? Will pay it forward
Need money to open up a bank account.
Could you take a quick one question survey for one of my classes? I'd really appreciate it!
Single grandparent raising 3 grandkids and battling bed bugs
Can anyone spare $10 to pay for medication?
Requesting $2000 for attorney fees
Looking for organizations that include older kids
Advice needed: Trying to find a way for someone to get health insurance coverage in Missouri that doesn’t qualify for Medicaid.
[REQUEST] Disabled and distraught. Any assistance to help me out of my current bind would be much appreciated
Help Gold Star children
[REQ] Money needed for food shopping - £40 - LEEDS, UK
Behind on bills, losing sleep and feeling like I'm failing my family.
Stuck in nyc, need a friend with $10
Please Help my Mother and I Get to Living
Trying to fund money for my father with severe disc damage
My brothers Workshop burnt to the ground in a fire
Our Roof Is Caving In Please Help Us
Could we introduce a system where we put a location, even country (like [UK] or [US]) so it's easier to spot if you can help or how?
Help our team pay it forward this holiday season! Please share!
Help a teacher
In need of help with Thanksgiving dinner and my heat bill
Help for our students and families affected by the Camp Fire in NorCal
Need help? PM me
Yesterday my dog lost much of his ear while breaking up a fight at the dog park. I am devastated. Could really use some help with the emergency vet bill.
Looking for assistance in assisting
Assistance here
Food and gas till Friday - $50
I'm setting up a website to offer support to those microdosing with psychedelics to better their mental state and enrich their lives. Please help me fulfill my purpose in life. (GoFundMe link with full description of my mission)
Help a friend change her life around
Need help to start college and make my mom proud
Tough times but we have life and that's what matters!!
Please help me save Burnham-On-Crouch Skate Park
Suggestions appreciated!
Financial help for my dad with dialysis please
[REQ] 150$ for food and bills.
In need of assistance with Bills!
I am struggling to put food on the table after my father and I’s life got put on hold for the past 4 years.
Help to fund my education (not asking for money)
hello i need help
NEED 50$ FOR AN URGENT SCHOOL FEE
I need a loan to better myself
Desperate need of a loan for lights and groceries for a single father that just lost his son to cancer. Please
Homeless, hopeless, hungry, homesick blues
My fiance can't move and needs back surgery.
Homeless, hungry, hopeless
SEARCHING FOR A PATTERN/DONOR TO RROMOTE WILDLIFE AND NATURE
My boyfriends family lost their home in the Woolsey Fire.
Resources for families
Needing help with unforeseen financial problems. Req $200 loan
[Request] out of state college student, and I sent the last of my money to my family for my (two) cousins funeral. I just want food.
My wife found a dog
My wife made me post this
Need a chef's coat for my new job.
(Request) In need of assistance for a water bill, lights, and groceries to survive . Buried my son 2 days ago as a single father. I'm pleading for help. I start work offshore in 3 weeks and can pay any interest you ask. Please help
Any pet charities or grants available?
Tarot readings to pay the bills! Please help
For the last five months, I've been helping a co-worker who's gotten herself nearly $100,000 in debt protecting her daughter from harassers, getting myself into debt alongside with her.
Please help save my dog
I need a little help please . Just buried my son thatvoassed from cancer and in a single father. I need necessities, food, and help to last me for 3 weeks . I can repay with high interest. Please read my past post. I she money in pay pal but wont clear for a few days.
Need $25 loan until Friday
Another question 🤷‍♀️
My brother needs to raise money to get his artwork to the 2019 Venice Biennale!
I’m trying to raise money to get a laptop for school and debate on GoFundMe
I need help again for my daughter
Looking for volunteers to take a survey--every respondent enters periodic $50 Amazon gift card raffle!
I just need a little assistance to get me through until payday.
Shameless ask for help. I’ve been sick 2 weeks now with antibiotics not working. Need to see a doctor ( Will pay back if anyone helps)
Unlimited Fruit Juices
[REQ] [Pacific Northwest, WA State] Need $150 to get me through the week.
Family in Need of Urgent...
[Request] something cheap to eat and maybe a drink too? I can repay via PayPal next week. More info inside.
Just need $25
Requesting help with a gofundme for my friend's vet bill
I need help
My Brothers Hobby Car- Workshop burned down to the ground
0.5 BTC
Broke broke broke need some food
My dog has to have a $14,000 surgery
[Request] Need some help paying bills
Request for partial vet bill help.
(Request) Someone helped me with groceries I just need help until PAYPAL clears and I can get access to the available funds. Will give interest please.
[Request] Looking for help to get my daughter some winter clothing
Looking for partial assistance for vet bills
[REQ] Assistance with groceries until my next check.
[Request] Need Responses to a survey about Uber and Ride Sharing for our marketing class
Still in need of help, winter has arrived and the cold is worsening my disabilities
Can someone plz help me and my girls?
Need a bike to get kid to school safely
Account not old enough for r/borrow. Need loan of $900 for car payment, registration, and insurance to prevent repo. Can pay back extra on top of loan.
Need 500$ for rent by wednesday or I might get evicted and have to cancel studies..
Help with broken 1D Barcode
Need to borrow money for tuition fee, cant post on r/borrow
Generosity
Need Help with car repairs
Yesterday I was robbed at gun while trying to sell my last valuable items to make rent, I was told that this exists any assistance would be a tremendous help.
Urgent money required for house equipment repairs
In need of a very short-term loan. I am a little short on available funds for some of my medications tomorrow (I see my psychiatrist in the morning).
Mod help
Im basically screwed.
[request] prevent Lungs getting destroyed
(Request) I'm two days away from being evicted unless I can get the money needed. PLEASE HELP!
[request] I've never been this low before.
Apartment caught fire, completely devastated
[request] just something to eat
Help paying bills ($250) will repay $300 on 11/30/18
At the bottom of the barrel...
[Request] unemployed and looking hard. Want to be able to do something for my wife
I actually have enough karma for r/borrow but account is not old enough (will pay back)
$215 short on rent due tomorrow. Trying not to panic but I'm stressed
Lost my job pretty recently, in need of any help that can be spared
Help please
Help til Wed, to keep my job
$30 for a gift for my friend whose mom and Dad were just brutally killed in a car accident
$30 for rape survivor needing transit pass & pizza
Newly Single Mom, Need Help
NEPAL MISSION TRIP BUILD
I’m a teenager(15) my friends are drinking alcohol and I don’t know what to do.
[Portland, OR] Disabled small-business owner being kicked out in 30 days. Looking for somewhere stable to live for me and my partner. [x-post /r/almosthomeless]
[Request] classroom snacks for title 1 school
Just a thank you.
[Request] Is anyone willing to share my campaign to raise money for a struggling, yet highly talented, tattoo artist?
my friend tapes his headset on...
Update on getting winter clothing
Camp Fire has taken everything from family
Need Gas
[Request] Small loan, $60, to be repaid by Friday.
[Request] I Was Burgled/Robbed (all my money, my new $250 phone and my wallet, clothes) from a week ago Could use $23 to get a useable phone can pay back really soon
Help my wife afford her cosmetology exam?
***Landlord kicking me out, full-time college student in need of housing or money (LOS ANGELES CA)
[deleted by user]
[Request] can someone with a native Spanish accent record themselves speaking for a project of mine?
I need 20$ for gas to watch my daughter kick ass at a swim meet
SOS
Trying to find my Father on Reddit
Emotional and financial loss
Helping out a friend
[Request] need by today for rent. Will be able to pay you back.
I don’t know what to do
[request] I don't have some crazy sob story and I'm much less deserving than others but I just want to be able to by until Wednesday.
Pet food pantry
My family needs help please even if it's prayers
Hello! I have a little product I would like anyone to check out, buying a shirt would mean I can make more which is something I really look forward to. Even if you just tell one other person about my campaign it helps a lot!
Still looking to borrow $50 to renew my registration so I can donate plasma/drive for Lyft
[Request] Aid for deadly wild fire in Northern California.
Help a good rescue dog overcome chronic ear infections
[REQUEST] Please Help. Small Loan Needed Today
Health & Technology: Health App survey (in Dutch! , able to win cinema tickets, 15 mins)
Money for groceries $150.
Resources for Holiday Help
Not enough karma for r/borrow - Require £420
Disabled, computer broke. This is my only outlet.
Help with Crohn’s disease fight
[Repost] Luxury fragrance survey (open to all 20+) but in particular I need more guys
Father has affair, leaves family. Newborn baby, 1,7,9, and 11 year old. Can you help for Christmas? Or a pack of diapers?
May I offer anyone a free code of Pulp Fiction digitally?
HELP ME HELP THOSE IN NEPAL!
Still $150 short on rent. Just trying to make the ends meet.
I’m about to get slapped in the balls by an overdraft fee and would seriously appreciate any help
Family of 6 needs your help.
Need a movie break? [offer]
One of my cats has been limping for roughly a few weeks now and it's concerning me.
Need Help Paying for Car Insurance/Medication after Gallbladder removal surgery
Our landlord is selling our house. We need help.
Please help fund me 150-200, please!
Severe Crohn's/Surgery and Hospitalization
Need help paying At&t bill
Need help, about to get kicked out of apartment.
Just a reminder to please register now with your wish list before we open next Thursday
[Repost] [Survey] Perfectionism and Relationship Beliefs
help with rent needed..
Loan (NC)
Italy bucket list trip
Finally catching up.
[REQUEST] Struggling on my birthday
Hey guys
[Request] Help with transportation/Bus card
Please help- funeral costs for victim of lung cancer
$10 for food (paypal)
Dental work
Help getting warmer clothes
Small financial loan request
Need Urgent Help. I'm detain in a Thai Jail
I'm out in the cold and I need to get a hot shower.
Hard work and dedication make dreams come true.
Help a disabled lesbian
Sons birthday is today and I dont have much to make his day special
Past due electric
(Request) Came To work and found the doors locked and a note saying they are closing
She Hanging on there? !!!
In need of assistance
[REQ] ($100) (#Tifton, Ga) (can pay back $50 on 11/13/18 and $50 on 11/17/18)
Need your Opinions About the Underpricing in Art Industry! I'm Making An Animation About it!
[REQUEST] Please Help. Small Loan Needed Today
Looking for ways to pay my car insurance bill quick.
Help us get to school safely
Help out a struggling college student
I'm 3 dollars short on minimum BTC withdrawal amount, my money is stuck
I'm going to lose all of my belongings - Georgia, USA
Need help getting home before I’m homeless in AK!!
Random act of kindness
Is Anyone Good With Graphics?
Looking to borrow $50 in order to update my car’s registration
Need help with Vet money
Wanting to help others on my birthday
Need a Freshman-Level Reading Intensive Syllabus
Help save my (M21) girlfriend's (F21) Cat (2)
[Request] Help with groceries and phone, please?
Need Help Paying Bills!
Help save my (M21) girlfriend's (F21) Cat (2)
Help my aunt with her chemo and radiation therapy!
$10 a month for 7 months
$10 monthly until May 2019
Health and funds decreasing, while debt is rapidly increasing.
[Request] Single mom full time with electric disconnect notice. Been a horrible month.
I need a $170 bus ticket home to California from Washington State so I can go to a job interview
[REQ] small loan
I NEED HELP ASAP!!!
Things have gotten alot worse and a little better for my pregnant wife, my 17 month old daughter, and myself.
Hey Reddit $20 short for room tonight [paypal]
Looking for male respondents on a quick, 3-question survey on the male reproductive organ! (NSFW)
Need Assistance
[REQ] ($320) (can pay back $350 on 11/16/18 or split into two payment of $175 on 11/13/18 and 11/16/18)
[Hiring] Create a simple list based on web searches
How to get 5 Cents USD in PayPal fast?
Past due electricity
Resources for help with funeral costs
Taking a long shot💕
Abusive situation, trying to get safe
Need help surviving peak season!
GoFundMe Heart surgery
Specialist help for a friend with a mystery illness! (UK)
Need help surviving peak season at Amazon while living in my car during winter.
Please help and share 🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼
I need to access my online textbook for a college class
Help they are trying to set me up
in dire need of car fixed so I can go home.
Addicts fallen off the wagon
[REQ] Need £220 (via Paypal) to pay for someone's trip - Will pay back £250 around December 4th (London, United Kingdom)
Need a book extract urgently
$20 for gas
Help with medical bills!
[repost] Luxury fragrance (open to all 20+)
My aunt needs financial help for chemo and radiation therapy!!
Undiagnosed and broke, need advice/help
Help my mama
A Screenshot of money received on Venmo
Need a little gas money, please
[Request]-need $20.. or something (PAYPAL/VENMO ETC) to feed myself and have bus fare to commute to my (hopefully) new job [WILL REPAY IN BROWNIES AND GIVE FORWARD WHEN FINANCIALLY STABLE
[REQ] $110 to cover expenses until 11/15
[Request] Disabled Senior Citizen Needs Help Getting a Winter Coat (Michigan)
[Urgent] Need a truck in Chico, Cali to move a friend out of a bad situation
Please, I desperately need help today with bills. Details inside.
Rent, Car, Life Advice?
need an uber to make it to court!
Vet bill - helping a friend
Could use a computer for husband to go to school
Holy shoes
My Cat Baby Needs Help :(
Looking for help getting a room
[Request] [Philadelphia] Can you help out a hungry guy at work? Haven't eaten all day
My best bet for a service dog sponsorship?
BIRTHDAY
In dire need of assistance with medical bills and meds.
How do I remove steam player started a game thing
Need help....how about some free crypto
Donate to AHA for my 7yo school goal if you are looking for a cause?
Need to borrow $3.25
[Request] Abuse and Medical Problems
A different kind of assistance needed
I need help. I need this struggle is real I feel like a failure to my kids I let them down. They are afraid we are going to be homeless.
I am a domestic violence surviver and I need help find a free transcriber.
Disabled, could get evicted and no where to go with pets
Need help paying 2 months worth of rent
UK, Disabled, Jobless - needing advice, venting a little.
Problem within this subreddit
[Survey] Perfectionism and Relationship Beliefs
Tons of hallmark Christmas ornaments to someone in need of help covering their tree
Please donate to Pancreatic Cancer fundraiser/walk for my Aunt. Every dollar counts.
A few gallons of gas, around $15, to get to work and pickup nephew from school til Friday?
In need of assistance
Got left with a vet bill that we cannot pay.
About to be Homeless
“My dumb-ass fell for the stupidest scam in the world,” or how I lost almost $5,000 in a week.
[Request] Help with my son's first birthday.
trying to make it through the week
[REQUEST] I need help on my balance due at an Institution so I can get my training certificate before my course ends this December.
Electricity is off and she took every cent.
Our Furnace broke down (South Dakota Winter)
[Thank you] Triple thanks to the angels who sent us the Christmas decorations!!
[REQUEST] Anybody Have a Spare Laptop?
Need help
Rent help after unexpected Vet bills. ANYTHING helps :)
High school student facing homelessness. Just need help with a month's rent and food
Feeling helpless at christmas
Abandoned Kitten Needs Emergency Surgery
Help with purchasing daughters birthday cake
[Request] Voice record - Greetings in Japanese
Help
Please help my Dear Marko. https://www.gofundme.com/StayStrongMarkoFundRaising
Need Medical Assistance for CKD, Colon Cancer, Bone Cancer and Diabetes treatment!
I’m an American living in Japan and I am basically bankrupt. I’m behind all my bills, my student loans are about to be sent to collections in the usa. I can’t get ahead of my bills. No family support.
[deleted by user]
Medical Hardship/Surgery
I really need some help fixing my teeth.
Completely desperate, and short on time.... I Need help reinstating my car insurance ($220), will pay it back.
Thanks for those who have helped in the past,but I give up
Looking to help a friend (fund link in description)
help my friend please!! (legal kinda)
Hey
Survey Responses Needed
Need help with raising funds for new water fountain at school
My Son’s Birthday
Anyone know where to find some free meal coupons for food?
Hey guys! I need some help with a survey I am doing for a mini project for my Masters program. Link is below! It takes one minute and would help me out a lot! Thanks!
What is the best weighted blanket under $100?
Please help me. My eye is in pain, and I need online assistance.
Any government assistance if you're only temporarily disabled? [Question]
17 years old and indebted with over 5k $
Need some help getting my medicine.
[OFFER] Thanksgiving Dinner help
If 11 people join Acorns grow through my link, I'll get $1,100. Hook a brother up? I'll give the first 11 to do it $10 (via PayPal) if I get it. I could definitely use the extra savings right now.
Single mom in need of assistance for Christmas for my angels
Looking to help a family this Christmas!
Are there any charities or grants that help with moving expenses, particular out of state relocation?
I need help from a US citizen to request a foia from the department of defence.
Anybody work in accounting ? Please help me with my homework !
Human & Pet Transport needed from Newport > Pacific City, Oregon this Friday!
I'm fucked
Need $400 for bills
Im done
Could anyone with Apple Music verify if this song is the same as the YouTube version?
Hello Reddit friends, please spread the word for my daughter
Looking for Loan
Help reunite this family for Christmas!
Survey participants needed (please help me graduate)
An animal sanctuary in Cape Town, South Africa will soon close down unless it can buy the land it's using. Link to its fundraising page inside.
Girlfriends mother diagnosed with Breast cancer
Feeling like I’m drowning and not sure what I can do
[Request] Help me win dinner for two
Homeless Teenager Needs Help
Going back to college, can't get financial aid and need help.
Need a loan of $900 by November 9th ($400 interest, two months)
Overwhelmed. Need help fixing my car.
Desperately need help with bills, guys.
Help Needed. Send Me to Italy?
I need help
HELP ME HELP THOSE IN NEPAL!
My bf just got sent to jail... please help!
HELP ME HELP THOSE IN NEPAL!
My boyfriend just got taken to jail.
Need some help paying my electric bill please its getting cold!
Friend and proud Pitbull parent
need help to pay rent
[REQ] help me win a Paul Wall Custom made grill! (Takes 5 seconds)
Please help
High School Senior (F17) trying to escape abusive household. How to pay my way ? Please Help
Update: I need 200 dollars for rent and I've done all I can.
HELP ME STOP MISSING COLLEGE CLASSES
In desperate need of $300
Need $50 to cover gas. Will pay back half this Thursday and the other half a couple weeks later.
Sudden medical problems keeping me from working.
Family of 4 about to be evicted
I desperately need $200 PayPal to cover rent, I'm willing to take on work for it if I can do it online.
r/Assistance
Help me help inner city kids gain access to art!
17 yr old with lymphoblastic lymphoma
Not sure where else to post..Not able to post in a reddit channel?
Root canals and family holiday sadness.
A strange story about a love triangle between a 25 year old, his fiancee, and his mother.
[Advice] I’m at my wit’s end: I need $477 by the end of the for rent. What can I do?
UPDATE: I want to go home
[REQUEST]- KEEP SMILING AND BEING STRONG BEAUTIFUL, IM GONNA BAKE FOR Y'ALL FOR HELPING
Help w/rent
Help
Newly single Dad. Really need some help until next week.
Car insurance...
How can I leave my emotionally abusive home at 21 faster?
Need help with helping people find their talents!!
I need someone to lend 20-25$.
UPDATE: I WANT TO GO HOME
Can someone lend me 20-25$?
~12USD/mo to feed two stray cats in Indonesia.
[REQUEST] Rehoming a kitten.
Let's help guys
I have been overdrawn off and on for 3 months and I can't catch up.
[REQ] (700) (#Depew, NY, USA) (800 on 12/15) ( PayPal or CashApp)
Need a few dollars please
Single mom needing help
[REQ] [$40 ) - (Austin, Texas, USA), (November 5th), (Venmo)
Forced to move and can’t afford to the requirements to get in new place.
I need a textbook or I will fail my class
No Fault Eviction with low income. What are my options.
[REQ] $500 to help keep apartment
I need to borrow $50 until Friday I will pay back $65. Paypal. I don't have gas money for this week & my son has appointments & surgery this week.
help
Daycare help please!!
Just not enough
I could use some assistance.
[Request] I could really use help with getting my car inspection costs.
Help me help the disabled
[Request] Help me and my daughter decorate our first Christmas tree!
help
Amputation surgery for cancerous tumor on leg!
Need $40 to turn my phone on so i don't miss the call about my new job
[request] money or gift cards for food for the next two weeks.
[REQ] Late on bills, Heat being turned off
[Request] Planned on driving for Uber/Lyft all day, but wife has been in bed sick. Cannot go out, since I have to watch my kiddos
Need Help to Replace Unsafe Food Due to Unexpected Power Outage
Need help with getting a ride to and from a job interview
A friend of mine has a cat that really could use your help!
$75 until the $16th
Advice on getting my gofundme viewed and getting karma for reddit
Help saving my mothers home and the rescue animals that depend on it
I need funding for new tourist car rental business please help out http://gogetfunding.com/Whosanem/
Really sick and can’t afford medicine
Need help with homework from Americans
Help with gas card to help get to work for the week
Help here please
Hi, I hate to ask, but we are struggling.
Used donations of make up requested. I am undeserving, just in need. MD, US
PLEASE HELP SHARE THIS
Need Housing: I attached a Link Describing My Situation; Please help
Need help to pay rent this month.
Need help with gas money.
60$ to help pay for my kitten's surgery!
need help fast
[Request] ~$3200 to buyout my title loan. ~900 to get me caught up on the interest.
Could someone please purchase the $6.50 day of the devs bundle, I will purchase any $7 dollar steam game in return.
REQUEST- I am in need of outdoor winter clothing
Request: Need ~200 for my girlfriends steroidal injections for her chronic back pain.
Red flags of non-advice.
Request: Need $154 to Pay My Daughter's Tuition at School
Read Something Interesting To Keep Me Motivated
Help with Invisalign
Tried this on r/borrow too, figure I'd give it a shot here.
Short Survey on E-waste for Informatics Assignment
[deleted by user]
I need help to fund a class trip to Hong Kong!
Help please
People of Reddit, please help us!!
Money for groceries and gas
3 people 2 dogs zero money
[REQ] ($175) - (#Ottawa, Ontario, Canada) ($225 - 12/01/18) (PayPal, Interac E-Transfer)
My Aunt Needs Help
Help, pet rats unattainable treatment cost.
Please Help Me
Please Help Me Keep My Home
My family and I are short $220 on rent for November!
Thank you so much KingKeithDA
Short Term Disability W/O Income For 2 Months
I'm in trouble
[REQ] $310-$410 for overdue Internet bill I was unaware wasnt being paid.
[Request] $600 short on rent due today but $300 would at least get me a promise to pay
[Thank You] To /u/Iamjasw for helping me and my dad.
I'm really in need of $40 for food... Idk where else to turn. Family isn't an option..
[UPDATE]- Internet Strangers Helped My Broke Ass Titties
[Req] (10$) Need help purchasing Tinder subscription
Need help purchasing Tinder subscription
[REQ] ($800), (#Los Angeles, CA, USA), (to pay $400 on 12/1, and $560 on 1/1), (PayPal)
Help me in getting into right direction
Need poll answers (one question only!)
Hi I created a gofundme because I left a lifetime of abuse, please read my story.
Weʼre raising £5,000 to allow Will’s wife and child to spend as much time with him while he receives treatment in England after sustaining a spinal injury.
I want GameMaker Studio 2
Advice
Je suis mal la
[thank you!!!] (posted this in the wrong spot originally) thank you to u/sailorseas
REQ - 3 months pregnant, $250 short paying rent
Gamepedia pages not working and look weird. Please help!
Runescape / Cash App issue
In need of ♥ reactions
[REQUEST] Young person wanting a home for my family after living in a dangerous city. Just need some kind words.
Help us relocate after hurricane Michael
$40 last me until Monday
[Request] Pizza
Funeral Services for Cathy Gordon
My uncle has been diagnosed with colon cancer.
No money for food/groceries
How to get undrunk fast
You guys are amazing
Hey guys, I'm trying to get the instrumentals from a song, but my personal computer is unable to make Audacity run.
[REQUEST]$30 for food until Wednesday
[REQ] (275AUD) - (#Melbourne, vic, Australia), (26/12/18), (Paypal 325aud)
Love letters from around the world💗
Need help with rent and bills, anything will help. (Looking for about 1200, anything helps, willing to repay when I can.)
Love Letters from all around the world
Need some help for a night because I’m low on funds. Thank you for reading.
I don't want to lose my family
Need $ for Pizza
Need an empty / used Prepaid card for free trials
I’m stranded here
Hello
Stranded
Help to save mothers house and the rescue animals that depend on it
Shoe Pictures Needed (For Project in GES)
$30 short on rent
Please help my friend get a kidney
Wrongful Foreclosure Defense
Is there a site/resource similar to r/borrow?
Any chance someone here could PayPal me $2.50?
Not enough karma to post on r/borrow, am just looking to borrow $15 which can be paid back Sunday
I don’t want to be homeless
Not broke or desperate, but have a great opportunity for anyone interested.
My dog needs emergency surgery
No reason you can't keep learning. Get three Free Audible audiobooks
No.1 Most Trusted Dissertation Writing Service in UK for Guaranteed Distinction - Projectsdeal.co.uk
[request] I feel like I'm going to die.
This past year is taking a toll on me.
Repost- Luxury fragrance (open to all 20+)
I was fired this month. Attending school in January but unable to make November's rent.
Unexpected medical cost
Borrow money and will pay back with in the next month.
Please help me brainstorm a topic for my English literature thesis.
$78 dollars short on rent
Help With an Uber
[Request] Nice words.
Electricity will be disconnected by tomorrow
Help my wife launch her wellbeing / mindfulness project
[Request] 60.00 for a monthly bus pass
In search of a UK co signer for a student loan
I've done all I can and I'm 200 hundred dollars short for rent.
Been living in a hotel for a month
[REQ] My sister's boyfriend is stranded after being held in jail for 24 hours
Of course, I’m out of gas again.
Just Became Homeless With 3 Dogs and a Cat
I need help financially. About 100$
Need some software Programming help Raspberry Pie maybe? Video Play Back software
My cat underwent some major surgery
[REQ] Need help with rent, willing to repay. ($150)
[Request] Here’s to hoping for some miracles! I live in LA, by the way.
I'm the first Muslim elected official in a city Trump called out and I'm only 21! Please help me with my re-election!
[REQ] Emergency
Movember Foundation
If you see this, please help
A ride to a city and a place to crash at the end of the day or perhaps stay while I look for work there
Curious what others would do if they were in my position.
Can someone please loan me $10. I'll pay it back soon as I get paid thur Nov 8th I promise..im desperate I need food If you can spare it My cashapp is $lv662 Thanks
(Request) 1 night place to stay
Can someone loan me $10 ill pay it back soon as I get paid thur nov 8th..I promise. Im desperate I need food. cashapp $lv662
You know everyone gets lucky every once in a while. What kind of luck is what matters.
Emergency assistance to avoid being homeless w/ 2 year old
I need your help. Please, read through it all.
my food money doesnt hit for 3 more days
Advice
Phone Bill Help
Former smoker going crazy without nicotine need 40$ for a new vaporizer
Need help
[Request] Family almost homeless in Triad area of NC
Help support my daughter
Recovering from major accident left me out of work!
Can I find out who my followers are on Reddit?
just needing a little assistance
[REQUEST] can someone spot me 8 bux till Monday?
Thesis help!!
I need to reset my password because I forgot it and I can’t find a help page. Inam using Reddit on my phone.
Father Passed away
I need money for gas I will be able to pay it back next week. To fill my tank is about $50 however anything will do. thank you
[deleted by user]
[REQ] This is a long shot I'm sure, but I found an angel with my last post so it's worth a shot. I need $900 today to pay my rent.
Help getting through the month
Need someone to help me (24,F) manage my symptoms, organization and productivity for ADHD-PI
I just need gas for the week it costs about $50 to fill up however anything will do
I’m going to need brain surgery within the next two months. Please share or donate to my gofundme me please.
Donate and share =) https://www.gofundme.com/6bww73k
Dissertation on Luxury fragrance [open to all 20+]
REQUEST..First time in my life, I wrote the most painful long confession of what happened to me going thru mother dying VERY recently and I am scared to know what -ppl that really know me IRL will say/think/refuse to even glance Will you read it?-
Disabled grandmother raising 4 year old granddaughter needs help with car repair after terrible car accident!
Help getting to a better life and closer to my children
I am 18 years old and my mom is currently battling cancer. Her car is in terrible shape, bills are stacking, and the financial stress is weighing down on me since I am the only one who lives with her and can work. Any assistance would be greatly appreciated.
Does anyone need writing done?
Any apple employees willing to let me use their employee discount on an ipad pro (2018)?
Please help me bring my dog, Leo, home.
need help
Fill out a 3-question survey about vaccinations you've recieved for my assignment!
Made a couple bad financial decisions over my birthday weekend.
Help me win the most important fight of my life against Brain Cancer.
I just moved to a new city.
I need $300 to push my tuition payment due date back or I can’t return next semester And probably not go back to college. I’ll take anything.
I really need to get to the doctors tomorrow
My mom died of Cancer last month and I need help with my bills this month
I'm short $100 for rent, because my partner was in a bad wreck
[req] money for medication
Im short rent money after my partner was in a car wreck.
I want to figure out if this was a Catfish-If not, to talk to someone again
I need assistance finding information about an ancestor.
Need serious help! Immediately
Helping Jinks Middle School ELA rebuild post-Hurricane Michael
We offer loans without hassles at a superlative interest rate
[Request] I need help with bills until the end of the semester.
Need help paying electric bill, please
Mindfulness, intolerance of uncertainty, and anxiety dissertation survey help
Need help with diapers/wipes
Night sweats from alcohol?
Need help with a halloweengame
Votes for a Friend's Baby for a contest. Please do vote if possible
Overstretched ourselves helping a friend/father figure dying from cancer
Help Disabled Artist Heal & Get Justice
[Request] Need a small amount to make it to payday
Start-up boost for small business
Help With Son’s Birthday Weeks After Losing Everything
Marc needs our help … Thank you! #Please #Share
[request] any help at this point
[REQUEST] Escaped an abusive situation and moved 500 miles back home with almost nothing.
[thank you] happy Halloween!
More adult-y... adult. Moved in with my mom, looking to buy my first car, et al.
[Thank you] I want to thank the people who have helped me so much
Need $100 for rent/food
I could use some help with condolences
I’m in need of direction. A job, an opportunity, or a path.
I need to post r/borrow but I’m short on Karma
Hey guys, I need some answers for a survey. I'd really appreciate if you could help me out
[Athens, Georgia] Homeless and I need help
I’m fundraising for a laptop and work clothes, can you please read my story? Thank you.
Roommate left us & our pup in a rut
Help with moving for treatment for my cancer.
help me submit to the capitalistic health care system of the us of a
Please help me and my partner be together
I need to talk ...
[request] hungry and could use some groceries..
Severely behind on my phone bill, need to pay to restore my service, can offer help with classes
Survey for Honor's Thesis on Lab-Grown Meat
Help my friend win free doggy daycare! Just “like” a picture on Facebook!
[REQUEST] Support for a Stray Black Cat before Halloween Night!!!
21 Y/O Female, No one to reach out to, no support
My best friend donated her kidney to her 14 year old brother last week.
Help preferably just advice on starting over
I will draw you a picture if you donate to my go fund me to go to college
Please help if you can, every dollar counts. Please share
[Request] me and my daughter will be homeless and trying not to come up with money for storage
Rent Assistance
I need help to pay my last month's rent before I move away to University
Baby items for twins on the way
Need help to pay my landlord the water bill
Got my first speeding ticket and it’s more than I can afford
Just got laid off...
[REQUEST] Short on Rent. About to be evicted
Short on power/gas utility (power shut off imminent) and out of food for daughter and dog.
Tomorrow I will have no place to go... Trying to get up enough money to stay with a friend. Lending & Advice welcome get my first check on the 14th.
[REQ] Need immediate help with the power bill. It's due to be turned off if I can't pay $68 today, but I don't get paid until Monday. Please help!!!
Hi reddit, I really need your help with my first car
Come and donate =) lets see how much we can get
Thank you Reddit.
Assistance for my dissertation
[request]at the end of my proverbial rope, and my rent check bounced
Two Trans girls out of abusive home and broke
We need help saving out cat, he needs an amputation and it is outside of our means.
[Request] Mugged last night and left with barely anything for the coming month
Can't​ find the source of a weird smell in myapparent​t.
Please help us get through
FAMILY EMERGENCY!
Need PC for work and school laptop burnt out
Really Needing Assistance For Family Of Four
My only chance to get the education I need for the career I've always wanted.
Help With Gas to Go Perform A Marriage
Step-Dad had stroke, in a serious financial bind, needing help
[Request] Bus fare to get to school please
[Request] need help with 7 dollar uber/lyft ride tomorrow at noonish, i dont have any money and this would mean the world to me
Stats Class Survey
Severe Social Anxiety is a Very Real Mental Illness.
Help needed for a stem cell transplant to get off continuing chemo
hard times
Struggling family looking for help
Family of 5 seeking advice for where to find help for groceries.
$10-15 for food till tomorrow (paypal)
Wedding Budget Deficit
Trying to keep from becoming homeless.
Short survey - help me with my thesis!
Need help with my cat's medical bill
I need to borrow money for rent
Need help today. Please read. Urgent
Broke college student looking for a job in Merced area
is anyone on long island with a truck to help me pick up a free mattress from craigslist?
Transwoman asking for help to reach surgery goals! Link to my story, etc, please read.
On ODSP in Canada, need to move out of subsidized housing
General ideas for a place that lets minors volunteer?
I'm so hungry...
Having a rough month.
[Request] broke and need help
[REQUEST] Dog food
7 months pregnant, my husband is leaving us and I have nothing.
My friends aunt is in the ICU from the past 10 days. We are raising money to fund her bills and every contribution counts.
My dad fell and broke his hip. We need help with one thing.
Stranded, seeking help with a bus ticket to get home
At a loss for words
I Can't Register for Classes Right Now, STILL Can't Find a Job in my Tiny Town, Rent And Whatnot Coming Up, No Idea What to Do
[deleted by user]
I need support through a hard time for me.
Bus money for work this week
[REQUEST] Need help in saving up for a laptop - BROKE STUDENT
I need your help please read
[Request] I screwed up on eBay and I need help. Lafayette, LA 70508 USA I need $13 to ship item by Wedensday
[OFFER] Free laptop for someone that absolutely needs it.
Request: need 65$ to get by.
Can you help me get a new wheelchair?
Req: Have $8 to last all of November - need help
Moving has me drowning
$20 for gas to get to work
College Student, Pregnant and 2 Jobs Aren't Enough (PLEASE HELP RENT DUE AT THE END OF WEEK).
UPDATE: Diagnosed with HIV after being raped in prison, so my boss fired me and my landlord kicked me out. Gotta to love a small town. Turns out online forum is even more deadly than all of that..
[REQUEST] A $215 PayPal loan that will be payed back with $300 in two weeks
[REQUEST] My aunt has about 2 months left of her DonorsChoose project, trying to spread the word and get her some more classroom resources.
Help me help my friend
Seeking help with a bus ticket to get home
Req or Just Advice - Lost income, new city, nowhere to go, never been so low
Embarrassed but need help
[ADVICE] I don't know how to mentally and physically keep going for the next few weeks
[deleted by user]
[request] Broke until Friday, couldn't get groceries last paycheck
[REQUEST] Disabled, ex left me with a mess that I need help cleaning
[red] Make my daughters Halloween one to remember
[REQ] New, single mom with nothing.
Cancer treatment help
I Need Advice Transitioning Into Adult Life
Family Emergency
I’m going to be homeless tonight
I have $1.06, help me save my friends' Christmas?
[REQUEST] Just need a little money for food for the next 4 days. (Can accept PayPal or some crypto)
Comfortable Mens Work Shoes (Florida, USA)
How dare you use my daughter for money
help bury familiy member
Help with Multicultural Assignment!
Need financial help to start my education
Need financial help to start my education
$150 needed for next two weeks
Help me get flea stuff for schroedinger!
[Request] Hey, same girl just trying to get a Pizza (I don't have enough comment karma for Random Acts of Pizza but I am trying)
[MEDICAL] - Need help paying off Psychiatric Hospital bill.
Advice for a poor college student
[Thanks] to the kind soul that helped me
36 weeks pregnant, down on my luck and could really use some help..
Help me find this professional male model
I need help getting my pc running again.
I need help getting my pc running again.
I’m sad person and I’m doing nothing about it.
Anyone has a spare code for FIFA 19?
Emergency!
Too sick & stressed to shop and cook, but too poor to be eating out
Emergency!
[REQUEST]- Had some help on my Amazon wishlist from some beautiful people, but sleeping on the floor and need more help
how do i write a cv?
Dear friend in need after Major Surgery and Spouse's job loss
Just found out I am HIV positive, after being raped in prison. That was the second phone call. The first was from my Uncle/boss firing me because the docotors office called his house phone at this time of night about my emergency. His advice to pass alo g the information. These two calls were made..
A positive update and some problems
Hi guys could y’all I’m depressed
Need Assistance paying mothers medical bills!
Looking for Work from home chat support job
Food to last until Monday.
I can’t donate too much myself so I figured I’d help as much as I can
[REQUEST] Financial Support for a Stray Black Cat to make her ours before Halloween!
I am facing eviction and need some help
Help Me Fill The Rock Island County Courthouse in IL on Monday in support of #LoveForAtticus
Broke until 10/31. Stressful news about niece, could use a night to relax
Imperfections are changing the way I look at others
Request for Assistance to pay an Electric Bill
Mindfulness, intolerance of uncertainty, and anxiety dissertation survey help
issues with a pre-order transaction
My family has come into a really rough spot, and assistance with food/household items would be so appreciated.
My crockpot has a lingering odor.
Could someone borrow me $25? I get paid on the 1st and can pay you back at that time VIA PayPal.
Requesting help so cats, myself, and my husband can eat for next few days.
Help for my brother-in-law's medical expenses
Young girl in my neighbourhood was found dead
Need help for my kitty with heart disease
My pregnant wife, my 16 month old daughter, and myself will be homeless tonight.
Help?
Any suggestions on where a clean, quiet professional man over 40 can locate a room rental in the northern Chicago area would be appreciated. Thanks.
Puppy in Urgent Need of Surgery (T^T)
I would like $5 or $10 to help me make it for a week
Just graduated jobcorps with no money saved up anything that will help me get a car food or rent will help. I am trying to start a real future for myself. Please help anything will be appreciated even a dollar. I plan to pay it forward
Enamel Disease Help Me Smile Again
Need $20 to last me until Monday. Will pay $23
Just need some advice.
$15 to get me to work (orlando, fl)
Alternatives To r/borrow or how to get 1000 karma promptly
Advice for a unsatisfied and despairing young adult
Need money for camera
Need a small loan of $1,000,000. I will pay you back never
Furnace died... need a new one ASAP.
Need $54 for Bus Pass. Will pay back ASAP
[THANKS] tildespamzor
I need thyroid surgery pronto please!!!
Desperate try
Super desparate college students need help with rent for the 1st of November.
Looking for financial help, or legal information or sound advice that can change my mind
Help us get a tenor sax!
[deleted by user]
[request] baby formula, double billed and short until payday
Facing Eviction, Need $700 for rent
PLEASE HELP
(Request) Stuck in NE Philly need 25 bucks for gas
Please help fund surgery to save Joey the Cat's life?
I [23F] am chronically ill, almost out of money and in disability limbo.
[Request] Halloween Costume for a 10 year old girl.
An update!! To my post 'I need a job I can do from home because my special needs son and my disabled mom need constant care.'
I don't know what to do!
Survey
Homeless Veteran Needs Aide with moving into his first apartment
Terrible debt and no other options
Need help buying textbook for CNA class.
[request] Winter shoes needed
[Request] Taco bell chulupa $5 box codes
HELP!!! ANYTHING HELPS! ADVICE, KNOWLEDGE OF PLACES WHO CAN HELP BETTER PAYING JOBS ANYTHING
Help a Venezuelan graduate from College
Struggling Mother
Short on travel/commute fees
Need help with building my portfolio
Help with Charity Prizes for Raffle/Auction for Addaction (UK's leading mental health, drug and alcohol charity)
Need some funds to hold me until payday next Friday.
Stuck waiting for my new job to start and rent/child care is coming due and I’m not sure how we will afford it.
Rent Due Soon, Facing Definite Unemployment
I didn’t want to do this but I’m out of options
[REQUEST] I'm a little short between paydays and just need a box of cat food
Need desperate help with college fees
Please help me with my college fees
Power steering fluid looks like coffee. I've got no money to buy new fluid.
Trying to make it on time to a job interview. Options?
Please, anybody please help me get my boyfriend home!!!!
Mental health - Suicide via hanging survivor needs help
Help in getting survey responses (All are welcome)
What is this???
DAD NEED HELP WITH HIS SUGERY. WE NEED THE MONEY!
[Thanks] to u/snootstoboop!
Will you please comment “.” on here? I want to see how many notifications the Reddit app pushes to my phone.
[REQUEST] Pizza and good luck wishes
Please help with cancer expenses
First time my ex is allowing me to see my daughters in 6 years
Can I share an xfinity account with anyone?
Looking for 15 usd for electric bill
Car Repo'd, Work Tuesday
Help to navigate reddit
[deleted by user]
My car was just repo'd, work Tuesday
Jobless for almost 3 months, birthday soon
[Request] Help with buying a bus ticket to see my Grandma with terminal cancer.
Just A Hungry Girl Trying To Get Some Pizza
Just need a little help with one Chiropractor appointment.
Finally out of the hotel? Yes, with some assistance.
(Canada) Need access to 20$ in my Paypal account but can't wait 3-5 days to withdraw. Anyone willing to accept my 20$ and transfer it back via Interac E-TRANSFER?
I'm just beat down.
Donations needed!!!!
Joenah's Journey
[Request] Pizza please!
Help a media ignorant friend out
Joenah's Journey
*Research Opportunity* Romantic partner support for individuals using substances. *Moderator Approved*
[REQ] Emergency.
College Student seeking help for depression
Wife Diagnosed with Cancer
Wife Diagnosed with Cancer
Looking for Advice/Tips
need to borrow $60, will pay interest
Transwoman in Montana asking for help.
Can someone please give me a full-time job interview?
Need some help fast and don’t know where to go
[Request] Family Emergency (Update)
Selling Used Car Advice Needed
Update on Northern Michigan Family in Crisis
Support for Charity Walk--American Foundation for Suicide Prevention
Are there any emergency housing resources for a single mother of 3 trying to escape a sexual abuse situation in Chicago?
(Need food)My place of employment for the past 6.5 years has closed down.
Need money for gas and food
[Request] Parents cut me off only two months away from college graduation, Need money fast for food and rent
Sr. Citizen in Chicago with MS has her handicapped van illegally towed- She needs our help!
This is my low point but I need help
Anyone in canada can e-transfer 30 bucks
running low on necessities and out of food
[REQUEST] Desperately need some home goods and medicines I just can't afford, would anyone be able to help me out?
Last week of voting!!!
I need help
Desperate need for funds
[Request] Anxious&Depressed in Dallas, need gas for work and possible connections
Kicked out of house by zealously religious mother, need money for my next meal
A Surprise For My Wife...
I'm an 18 year old student from the Philippines who is in need of financial assistance. (Loan)
My 5 year old dog needs help
Trying to Raise Money for My Last Semester Before Medical School
Smartphone Use Survey
Need help saving a mouse
Trying to get out of a toxic environment.
Hey guys, I just need to get some responses on my survey!
I Promised My Father Before He Passed Away (suddenly)
Need help paying gas and food today
Need help by tomorrow! (Survey for high school students)
My mother (59) is physically disabled, a recovering addict, and homeless.
What is going on with my stomach?
In need of advice and first time purchasing a vehicle.
Help with vehicle bills
Looking for LGBT submissions for my fundraising zine! [Location does not matter]
It's hard for me,but I need help.
[24M] diagnosed with chronic urticaria and much more recently diagnosed with kidney cancer seeks help and advice.
[REQUEST] I was here a few days ago to ask for life advice, but in the meantime I'm really in the need of a few items.
Help End Allergies & Asthma Worldwide - Donate!
[OFFER] I don't have anything monetary to offer, is there any way I can help someone here with anything else?
I just need a break.
Does anyone know any of the laws regarding utilities in CA
[REQUEST] Working mom and full time college student, family in crisis in Northern Michigan
urgently need $5 or $10 for food, homeless teen begging for help
My Dad and his friend are running the "JFK 50 Miler" Ultra Marathon for a charity that helps Vietnam veterans.
Getting very desperate
About to be Homeless... Need help...
My life will be ruined if i dont get help.
So, outside of selling most of our valuables, and reaching out to local resources for financial support, my partner and I are desperate for help making rent this month. Anything, even advise, would be so greatly appreciated.
Accidentally transferred 20$ to Paypal and now I'm broke and can't wait 2-5 days for withdrawal. Anyone willing to help (20$ paypal for 19 or 20$ Interac E-transfer)?
Jobs labor is constantly high, hours being cut to 15 a week
Request for assistance to keep lights and heat on
Subreddit for life issues ?
Need help paying for food so I can eat this week.
came out to my family and got kicked out, really need some help.
[24M] Struggling real bad no food or money until the 1st of next month, Anyway I can get through this?
(UK) Need help filling out a form.
Deals on Rental Car
Looking for help to move! Horrible roommates and a totaled car
UPDATE I [25M] was recently diagnosed with a rare form of liver cancer a few months ago. Need some help with medical bills and quality of life. Any help or simply reading this post would mean the world to me. Love you all and thank you.
Mom lost my dog, animal services is charging me $150 if I want her back.
Best way to sell things?
Respondents with Large Collections of Digital Images and/or Videos Needed
Need some help getting my car fixed, please!
[REQUEST] I need help paying the internet bill
Need gas to get to an work
[REQUEST] I Need Help getting the rest of my Camping equipment. Around $300 Details below. USA
I ( 29) would like to take my daughters trick or treating but can't afford costumes [request]
Just asking for people to keep an eye out.
Please help
My glasses snapped in half. I'm as blind as a bat without it.
Please Help my Mom, to fight Acute Myelogenous Leukemia.
[Request] Need 70$ to Spay my kitten
I [25M] was recently diagnosed with a rare form of liver cancer a few months ago. Need some help with medical bills and quality of life. Any help or simply reading this post would mean the world to me. Love you all and thank you.
Seeking help with cost for work clearances
[borrow] need help affording a coat and some uni fees, + just general life
[request] Late rent assistance- repost after scam offer to help
Wanting to sell my Minecraft 1 terabyte Xbox one s in order to buy my daughter a birthday gift.
Medical Bills Causing Issues With Utility Payment
I have 4p in my account and one tin of soup and a pack of noodles left, if anyone can spare a couple of pounds.
Pay day loans in New York State
[Request] Got job need help with food and gas until payday.
Autistic 11 y/o VS Colorado
Please Help Me Get Started Teaching in Tokyo
I’m currently stranded at Newark penn station in Newark New Jersey. Wallet stolen and cannot reach anyone for immediate help. I need to get home and can refund in about 2 hrs please someone lend $120 for less than 3 hrs
Ways to get out of debt while being able to have money left over to live off of
Stranded, seeking help with a bus ticket to get home/back to school
In Need Of Pizza or Take Out
Gas card?
Please help me save Akira, my four year-old dog!
Can You Help me Chooose a Ring?
starting new job soon but dont have enough for rent , if anyone could help
Even if Everyone donated just 10 cents... help High School Teacher pay for new HVAC system to keep his family warm this winter.
Help find post of my friends number who was being harrassed
Need help for my Regular Unmotivated life.
[Request] $30 For A New Phone
[REQUEST] My bunny and cat need your help. My husband lost his job today and I do not want to surrender the. Food and bedding request.
Please help me pay my medical bills so I can live
Heated Blanket?
I need a second opinion regarding an apology to another user.
Unfortunate 6 year Olds' Open Heart Surgery
A person on Facebook is feeling depressed because of a abusive home enviroment. I really want to help, how can I
Strugglin family dealin with an incredible loss lookin for any type of help
A person on Facebook is feeling depressed because of a abuse home environment. I really want to help, how can I
Laid off and would really appreciate around $60 for groceries for the week
Help a family fight eviction 1500$
[ThankYou/Update] I posted here yesterday, I just wanted to say thank you for everyone's generosity, encouragement, and advice!
Looking for friend requests for a cat's Facebook page for a contest for work.
[THANK YOU/UPDATE] to this sub for being full of great, compassionate people!
Asking for $20 so I can get some food.
I work for a startup nonprofit that needs funds to get the first test projects going.
Electricity is about to be shut off. Gave them everything that was left in my account ($315)
Mentally disabled brother. Mother with stage 4 kidney disease. Need help/advice
Please help!
Mortuary Apprentice Here, Just Found a Woman in Desperate Need of Help. I Offered to Shovel her Snow and Cut Her Grass for free, but What Else Can I Do?
Need $50 to get through til Friday
I (25M) diagnosed with a rare form of liver cancer. Need some help with medical bills and quality of life. Any help or even reading my post, would be greatly appreciated. Love you guys.
Needing help getting my blood clotting meds until my first check arrives.
A New Navy Wife
[Repost] Looking for participants - NHS research - Readiness for Employment Questionnaire - £1 gets donated to mental health charities
Looking for a Mentor/Father
Request Short on funds for my water bill
87% of all graduates here in Uganda are jobless. We are trying to solve that with a startup that helps them discover opportunities online, learn more and export their skills via the internet and earn a living that way. But we thought we may need some help from reddit
[REQUEST] Need $20 for food
Family of three could use some help with gas and groceries.
Need gas $ bad for work.
[Advice]How do I drift away from this broken path?
Need advice!!
Need $30 for gas for work
Frontier Ultimate Security Bundle Purchase?
Help us win a contest!! Prize is a wicked sweet ice chest and Beer!!!!
Why does the poo hit the fan all at once??
[Request] Any form of help, please?
[REQUEST]money to buy lunch for my mom's birthday and any other assistance for this struggling young adult
[UPDATE/THANK YOU]My mom, who was very sick in the hospital, and was upset at not being able to vote on the Midterm elections, has passed away.
Need 300 to pay bills and get through the week
Choosing Between Two Colleges
Trying to Raise Money for Surgery
I need advice about getting a service dog.
Short on health insurance
[REQUEST] Advice and help with emergency move
Found a new place!
My Mother is Needing Money to Schedule a Major Surgery
Have any requests for $5?
Thank you again u/teddyismybff!
Could anyone give me a small loan?
I need some help paying my electric bill.
Need $20 For Gas To Drive To Work
Assistance with cheap dinner. Anything helps
Anybody know any assistance on help getting a car for a adaptive driver
$8 to $10 for milk, bread, eggs, and maybe a little dog food just to get us through til Friday
Requesting assistance for prepaid cellphone (for job) and some money (food drive closed this week)VanBC
[request] $190 to pay a friend
Need donations for Extra Life campaign to raise funds for children's healthcare!
[Request] Fellow Redditor needs some Assistance - Please Read
Please help. Received a call for a job but need money to get a TWIC card. Please donate and I will repay. Thank you
Car payment due today Paycheck held until tomorrow
[Request] little help with gas
I want to help my grandfather walk again.
[REQUEST] Only 18 and I've been through a lot the last many years, I would love some advice and genuine compassion!
THANK YOU - Anniversary - My looking for help post backfired
car insurance lapsed, get paid 10/27, and my 29th birthday is 10/28
Uncle passed away, any help is greatly appreciated
Gas money and overdraft fees
Wow this place is awsome
Help my friend gather money to take her cat to the vet <3
We're likely going to be evicted in the coming 2-3 weeks, what do we do?
ANY AND ALL ASSISTANCE 🐬
REQUEST: Does anyone know a cheap freighting option to get a package from India to Australia?
Moving advice?
Need a friend
[Advice] Temp Office Job for the Holidays - Greater Los Angeles Area
I will give $1,000 to my highest donor if all three campaign goals are met
My sweet Girlfriends poor hand
[REQUEST]Just moved out and struggling
thank you, u/tildespamzor
[REQUEST] Gas for work
in need of clothing
Need help getting medical marijuana card
Stuck in Pennsylvania
Need help with everything
My family is struggling, I’m almost 18 and I can’t have a job,
Please help! My Mother-in-law is in the ICU with gangrene and her husband needs help with expenses for traveling back and forth
I was assaulted and need help with medical bills.
Please help save my dog!
All my bills are taken care of! But now I need money for gas to get to work and to buy my little bean some cat food.
I need a job I can do from home because my child and disabled mom require constant care
Need to buy some chinchilla food, little guy ran out and I won't be paid until Thursday. Any assistance appreciated, and can be paid back this week!
Could anyone help us with a pizza?
is this a safe way to purchase tickets?
[REQUEST] - I am raising money for children school goods from developing countries! Nothing being free, that is why being bilingual in French and English, I offer to translate your text from English-French or vice versa.
Providing advice to whoever needs it.
just looking for a little luck
Thank you /u/mandajeanjellybean
Asking for some help because I'm in danger of being kicked out from my parents home earlier than expected.
In desperate need of $100 to get required id to work. Please please read and if you can help I'll pay back . Thank you much
My computer motherboard died and I don't have enough money for a new one.
scammed by fellow redditor & hungry
in need of warm clothes for winter
Help building my resume/CV
[deleted by user]
I don't know where else to turn at this point. I will do my best to share my mother's story.
[Academic] Looking for survey respondents - Attitudes towards poverty (Ages 18 and older)
I need £25 to get to work this week, I can't afford not to go, and I've been let down by all ride share choices
Accidental death of my younger cousin adriaan
I need help with answering a google form!
How to adult?
A six year old biy will get no birthday present without help
TO ROOMMATE WITH SOMEONE FOR PASADENA, TX APARTMENT
[Request] warm/winter clothing for woman in 20s (USA)
Looking for a physician in my area who will take my complaint seriously.
[Request] ideas to help a fellow redditor out for his bday next week? [Florida]
Myself and family were made homeless and we're just trying to get back on our feet
Would you consider buying something from my Poshmark closet? Had a few extra expenses this month.
Rik's recovery fund.
Encouraging voter turnout through film!
In need of help for electric
Contributing to my IRA
I'm a dad and husband. My wife and I both work full-time & I'm looking for a bootcamp education to keep mom at home and so I can work 1 job instead of two, and be a present father and husband. Even $1 would be amazing. Thank you.
I need 8 dollars.
Double Keyboard mapping help
I Need Help
[deleted by user]
[REQ] $1200 to prevent eviction. (#Phoenix, AZ, USA) $1300 paid back $100 a week for 13 weeks.
https://www.gofundme.com/687xdrs?pc=em_db_co2876_v1&rcid=b6f60a0b372d46d5a4fb6f0cabf3a1d6
Seeking help with a bus ticket to get home/back to school
Extra money for Groceries /household needs tips
Help Michael recover from CF-related Double Lung Transplant & now Cochlear Implants.
So, I’m currently a high school senior and I am in a bit of a dilemma. My senior dues ($230) are due next week and I currently have $180, if anyone can help out I would greatly appreciate it. My cashapp is $ricomahon and my zelle is zaymahon@gmail.com (If that doesn’t work try my number 3479803281)
I'm going to shave my head when we reach our campaign goal. Please donate to help with expenses due to my son's cancer diagnosis.
I need just a few more pounds, and I'm willing to do art for it.
[REQUEST] Austin Animal Center Needing Donations
I know asking for financial help is embarrassing but I have no relatives or friends that can help me at this moment...
I need help covering Service Dog Training costs.
I don't know if this is the right place to post this
Thank you
Found a sweet good boy who'd been stabbed. He's going to a fantastic new home tomorrow, but has $2000 in medical bills to repair stab wound and treat heartworm. Can you donate towards his care?
My grandmother passed way, our family needs assistance for funeral costs
Need help developing a workout plan that I can follow!
My (Special Needs) son went to CA to visit family. They paid for the flight out there but are now refusing to pay for him to come home. I (his mom) am extremely limited financially as my only income is my veterans disability. More info in comments.
[Request] help with buying ergonomic chair to relieve chronic pain issues
[Advice - Europe - Male - Suicidal ]
[REQUEST] Assistance with rent and bills
Kingston ON
Advice on services in Brockton, MA
[Request] Need help with Electric and Water till next pay day
Abused & Homeless
DESPERATE, ABUSED & HOMELESS
[REQUEST] Donations for my very ill Grandfather
Damage to college dorm furniture
Need some small financial help
Need help finding owner of (probably) stolen gear I found.
Is there any way my best friend can have a better life because her stepmom is terrible to her? Please read, I really need help.
How do I get things from other countries that don't ship to me?
How i got my Loan
Having a tough day
[REQUEST] Grocery & Gas until next payday.
Looking for advice to help my grandfather in the hospital
[REQUEST] Donations for my ill Grandfather.
I have a blueprint for changing the face of education, just no audience right now.
[request] food, clothing??? Had to burn it all to stay warm
[Request] Need OTC meds
Update on request on help paying bills.
[Advice] Banana Republic Factory forgot to remove a security tag and are forcing me to drive to a different city to have it removed.
[Request] Starting a new job, but paychecks not coming in fast enough.
We found a place!
[Request] Help with food/ gas money
[REQUEST] Advice on jobs
Single father facing eviction
Looking for help do buy food ($25 Cad) after leaving an abusive relationship (Will draw you art!)
Need help with gas until first paycheck
Need help with gas for new job
Deaf mom with special needs child need help getting caught up on rent and utilities
[Votes] Friend wants to get her daughter in a catalog
In Need of money help for rent
[Request] Help getting an air mattress
[REQUEST] Need help with gas and dog food until my first paycheck
Help me fulfill my wife's dream
Suggestions to get up to speed at my dream job (sales rep.)
Help me pay my storage unit... please.
[REQUEST] Please help- I was scammed.
[REQUEST] My wife and I have been asked to choose and give a non-religious reading at a Bar Mitzvah - any ideas?!
Graduate student need to make around (£300) $400 dollars before next month
I have a friend that's 15 years old and she needs urgent help!
Digital work for $5 PayPal
Credit Card Bills and debt, just need an advance and will do any job
[Request] Help paying my storage unit
Need help with family relationships after moving
[Request] Winter Gear
[Request] [PA, USA] Books?
My wife is sad we cannot afford to keep her in weight watchers
In need of Kidney Transplant,
Need help sorting out medical bills, long story in comments. Not looking for money.
How can someone have a Facebook account deleted if they are pretending to be someone that they are not?
[REQUEST] Need gas money to get home $10 - 20
[REQUEST]My mom is extremely ill in the hospital, and may not make it to Election Day. Her biggest wish as an outspoken political enthusiast is for more young people to vote. Can you commit to her that you'll participate in voting this coming election day?
Electric is shut off. Anything helps
Raspberry Pi 3 for school kids
Small but Mighty 🙏
Raising funds for the senior and special needs dogs that I rescue!
[Request] In need of gas money.
My Good Friend Needs Help Staying At UCONN
In need of gas money to last me and my boyfriend a couple days until my check comes in. 20-40$. In need of the gas to get to job interviews
[REQUEST] Help An Orphan trying to make a name for himself
[Request] Parents recently cut me off, only 2 months away from college graduation, close to being evicted
Help a brother out!
[Request] I need help with my rent so my family doesn't get evicted
I could really use some help.
Request for help for attorney fees
MECFS/PTSD sufferer needs help funding service dog
Help me revitalize poverty stricken neighborhoods & create opportunities without displacing families!!!!
Worst week of my life
Young artist trying to continue studies who needs help with small tuition costs.
I’m a 21y/o female who’s about to go broke. I live in Washington Heights and am looking for a full time dishwasher/cleaning/customer service job. I can start working immediately
Please help filling this survey regarding the problems we all face while Travelling or touring a new country or place. I'm trying to find optimal solutions.
How Do You Sort Through Hours of Video to Find the Perfect Clip?
Looking forward to help those in need
Flea treatment for dog, cat, and house
Going to California
I need help please!!
Phone verification
Need some assitance... Will you help me move to be with my true love?
Need some assitance to help me move to be with my true love. Story in link...
[Request] I need to Uber/Lyft my younger siblings to my house ASAP please
Help plz
Please pray for me my growth in my faith my salvation. Please pray for all believers that we help spread the Faith and destroy the devil and please pray that God would be with me and put his hand in my court case and deliver me from going to prison..thank you praise God
Can anyone help our family stay in our new place?
[REQUEST] Looking to invest in a pair of boots ♥️ I only need $1.00 (literally) haha
help desperately needed
Medical Bills Causing Problems With Utilities
[Request] Earlier this year in August, I was taken to the Emergency Room for displaying suicidal behavior. Today, I have received a very hefty bill.
Therapist?
[Academic] Looking for survey respondents - Attitudes towards poverty (Ages 18 and older)
Subhuman trash
[Request] May you guys give me your definitions of life? What is your purpose? What gives your life purpose?
Looking for every outlet possible :) Will gladly work!
I'm going to try this again,we just need a little help after the hurricane
[Request] really need some groceries
I need compression stockings, xposted from r/Food_Bank
Can someone please help me get a job above minimum wage?
Help Bobby Go Digital!
Help during medical leave
Need help with $280 so my utilities don’t get shut off.
Fallout 76 pipboy kit
Repost//30 he old terminal cancer patient looking for a web designer to redo simple website to raise awareness about my rare cancer
Hoping for Help: AmeriCorps VISTA, Teach for America Alumnus, Nonprofit Worker Looking for a Career [Please Read]
Please Read...
Help until able to start back working after having a C-section and 5 days later Emergency Surgery
Will you buy My lil grl & me a pizza dinner?
[Request] Help with buying a home
[Request] Help with $50 for school fees so I don't get dropped from my classes
Struggles as a non-traditional nursing student... (financial/time constraints)
Devastated after the death of my cat and best friend of 11 years...trying to take that grief and turn it into positive outreach
I am Deaf, my salary is 90$ per month, cant buy new PC
[REQUEST] Funds for rent
Help with food
https://www.gofundme.com/687xdrs?pc=ot_co_dashboard_a&rcid=14ff68f3b9fa43149a96bba92e5d9a67
Mom and three kids in bad accident. Just had surgery to reconstruct my entire foot. No health insurance!
Need help
Help Re-Establish my Life in the US
[Request] Need help raising money: close friend's classmate fighting Blood Cancer
[Request] Plant a Tree for Free
Need $22 to buy antibiotics and ulcer medication, anything helps god bless
Uber/Lyft gift card, walking to two jobs is killing me
Please help my brother raise money for his first car!!
I just need a little help until payday and everything I do is removed because I dont have enough Karma or whatever reason.I get paid the 26th and will repay. I have Paypal.I really hope the bot doesnt remove this post. Thank You
I really need a little help until I get paid on the 26th of Oct I will get it back to you but I cant seem to post in r/borrow or anywhere else so if someone can help it would be greatly appreciated. I have PayPal
[Request] help getting a straight talk card?
Registered, so here I am again.
Hi my screenshot keys don't work
Just rant/seeking friendly words
Save Elvis
Help save my dog Elvis !
Trying to make his dream come true
[Request] Rental help due to delayed paycheck
[update] huge shout and ty the /u/yaychristy for saving my stomach today. Bless you and thank you
Help us out of our hole.
[REQUEST] I know this isn’t the right place but I don’t have the karma for random_acts_of_pizza.
Ive never been in this situation...
Need some help to pay this month's rent
Need 50 Cents on Paypal
[request] my 13 year old dog/ best friend needs back surgery or else I’ll have to put her down
Need money for surgery consult
Need Funding for Emergency Equipment to Assist in My Security Officer Job
[Academic] Looking for survey respondents - Attitudes towards poverty (Ages 18 and older)
Student loan help, living in converted garage-- first time doing a GoFundMe
Giveaway video made for Entrepreneurship class project
Paypal funds for e-transfer in CANADA, will pay well
Feedback on college initiative names
I don't get angry very often but when I do it consumes me and I feel like I'm so close to losing control and smashing/ throwing stuff.
Debt due to vet bills, how can I catch up
Still need a little help recovering from the storm
Need help with coats and hats for kids
Survey for for Americans between 18 and 35
Home For Christmas
Take care of a dog until mid-Nov (CALI, USA)
Hurricane Michael Relief Fund for Marianna, FL
We are being evicted
Temporary housing needed
Moved to a new city, feeling homesick
I need a good used power chair my claims were denied from Blue Cross is need several repairs on the chair I hav
Need a small loan of £50 for tyre repair and will pay back £60 on Friday!
Need assistance paying some final bills, if anyone can help.
Seeking help after having a baby by C-section and 5 days later having Emergency Surgery
Money to help me escape an abuser.
Need a small loan for groceries..
Please Fund My Home Birth
Please Help Fund My Home Birth!
Please answer these questions for my class!
[REQUEST] Some Assistance Through a Rough Patch
Because of the generosity from the people on this page I was able to send some help to the woman who had strep throat! There's no words to describe the feeling of being able to give something back
$50 for gas
Need help to get electric turned back on today, I thought I could make it until Friday but it's freezing this morning!
In desperate need
Help an addict buy some food
[deleted by user]
Friend needs help. Trying to save his ride share business. Needs 2k
[deleted by user]
[REQ] $290.17 to pay my electricity bill.
One Step Forward Five Steps Back
My cat has lung/digit cancer and needs her toe amputated due to a growing tumor on it.
I made a loan request over at /r/borrow
I'm being hospitalized for my Cystic Fibrosis and need help
Need help/feedback on answers for job interview
[deleted by user]
girl who lives stem!
Sorry didn’t know karma requisite so here goes again without flair. Long shot but here goes.
[REQ] $20 to get me through this week, I can pay back $30 this Friday 10/19.
Long Shot Repost; sorry if not allowed
girl who loves stem!!
Long shot but new to Reddit so here goes.
[Offer] One scarf, set of fingerless gloves, or owl stuffed animal. All hand knit.
Thankful, hopeful and anxious
Our dog's operation.
[REQ] ($400) (300 paid back tomorrow 10/16)
A little help with Thanksgiving.
Will Draw For Money, Needed For Surgery Consult Trip
Can my employer fire me if they switched days around last minute?
I experiment nausea and feel depressed when I hear/see anything about my ex
Friend needs stem cell treatment to cure her disease (CIDP). How the heck do I spread the word about her GoFundMe, or reach a Foundation, or individual donors? She's rapidly running out of time.
My schizophrenic brother is costing my parents a fortune. Any assistance means the world.
Some help for a family who lost everything in Hurricane Michael, or even just help spreading the word
I am needing a good used power chair as mine is very old and needs expensive repairs and tires
Help us grow our family
Respondents with Large Collections of Digital Image and/or Video Files Needed
Need $40 to get through until Friday
Optional and Anonymous Survey for a Research Report Casebook
It would be a super big help if some people could take my survey about Cafeterias
Help with my cupboards until payday
[REQ] ($300) (can make payments over a couple months)
$5.00 gift card referral
One last bit to get back on track
Thank you so so much! Amazing people here. I am in-debted to you :)
Mom gonna kick me out, Need money, anything helps
[Request] In a financial pickle, need help. Details below.
Help my pal !
Help with qualifying assignment - english grammar
HELP needed for Medical and Surgery bills!
I was encouraged to try posting again here by one of the mods so here goes. We only need $47 to keep our electric from getting turned off tomorrow. It's due today.
Should I start a gofundme?
Looking for help, car repo'd and I need help getting it reinstated. Desperate.
[META] Why do posts and comments on this sub get randomly downvoted?
I need a little help, im getting kicked out
Murdoch the Marshmallow's major mishap... [X-POST]
A little help with food and household/hygiene items.
Electric bill
Help my son go to 5th grade camp
Free Blue Apron meals
I need 11 cent PayPal
Any cash assistance for food, can pay back amounts next month.
Help me reconnect with my friends.
Charity project
Could anyone get me something from Aliexpress for 2€?
[REQ] ($40) - (#Massachusetts), (pay back by 10/21/18), (Venmo, Facebook messenger, paypal)
Leopard print jammies for Halloween
A request to borrow money
First time user-DESPERATELY IN NEED
Fundraiser by Lynnette Jacobs : ENTRY TO SOCIETY
Be a part of something bigger than Facebook and online shopping! Eonline virtual reality social shopping mall
I will let reddit design my tattoo if my mom's life-saving treatment is funded. [UPDATE #2]
[Academic] Looking for survey respondents - Attitudes towards poverty (Ages 18 and older)
[request] Asking help again. Please.
My parents stole my money I saved for a dentist appointment. Need help
I made a subreddit as a joke, now it has gained more attention then previously intended. I now feel like I am the care guardian of this tiny little sub...
I found this Kitten. I can't afford to keep it, but if I don't it'll be put down. What do I do?
Broke till tomorrow haven’t eaten all day
Request, Need help with items from losing everything
Donate to Wreaths Across America and help out Civil Air Patrol's Overlake Composite Squadron
Hurricane Michael 2018
Struggling college student
Urgent: Please offer some advice I don't know what to do!!
Anything helps
Help Bernie!
Hey guys, if you could take a minute to share or read my GoFundMe I’d really appreciate it. Thank you.
My son’s body was found in Yellowstone National Park
An anonymous online survey for a mobile safety application to combat public sexual harassment
Hello guys, if you could take a minute to read my GoFundMe, I’d appreciate it a lot. Thank you so much.
I need some help affording my hormones.
Can anyone help me out for my birthday?
Help with Class Survey
Need phone verification for Gmail account
I am in need of responses for my survey.
Need some food help until payday
Autistic child needs assistance.
I Have No Money Or Transportation.
Long/Boring post. I apologize.
Autistic child needs assistance.
Really need some help after a car accident put me out of work.
Anyway anyone would be interested in loaning me some money or donating it . Single mom in desperate need ( pls read at least )
[REQ] Gas and Food Assistance Needed after Hurricane Michael
Car issues put my funds at low. Temp loan i will repay
Need help finding a small loan
Update: My sister and I sold off basically everything we could and let Aaron's take my nephew's mattress back and...
Help with my grandmothers breast cancer, please.
I need help earning ten bucks. No donations needed.
$10 for anti depressants
Checkered Flag Project
Please help repair my in-law's house that Hurrican Michael damaged!
Anything helps after losing my mother
I have what I’m 90% sure is strep through my and can’t afford to go to the doctor until Friday. I just need some at home low/no cost remedies to manage until then.
Need some help
Help For An Amazing Friend Going Through a Domestic Violence Situation
Please Spread The Word About Helping My Friend Katja Get Treatment for Her Eating Disorder
Want to give my daughter a huge surprise!
Broke student looking to sell some art work [Canada and US only please] or donations
[Request] My bike was stolen and only form of transportation.
I need a new rice cooker, it's my only way to cook
My only way to cook food without going to someone else's apartment broke and I need a new rice cooker
Small Town Canada goes International
Trip Abroad to meet after 5 years...
I feel hopeless and need advice as to how to overcome my problems with social interaction
Left law school to look after Mum (post car crash),and now need assistance with fees! Please help and or share this ❤️ https://www.gofundme.com/vtq29f-help-me-finish-my-degree
Hurricane Michael assistance
Temp housing for aunt with mental heath issues
Assistance Needed For Magoo
Need used winter clothes for 2 & 4 year old
I have a chance to see my daughters for the first time in 6 years
Need help with a western union money order
Help me if you can.
Couldn't hurt to ask... In need of permanent handicapped transportation.
[deleted by user]
Dreams funds to support me. thank you.
HELP LOLA
Thank You Thank You Thank You!!
Stranded
Help my family please!
Need help 40bucks to fill Rx
Mental health help for international student in Canada
Laptop Recommendations?
[REQUEST]Lost my job last week and short $30 on car insurance
Lunch money? (Venmo, cashapp)
Family in need of Halloween Costumes.
Please help my friend to keep up with her vet studies. She's in a delicate financial situation with her mother and both are already working day and night to pay off debts/studies and she is unable keep on working on her project for her vet exam in 7 months.
In need of $20 to update my car tags. Can send proof if requested! (Venmo, cashapp)
Help the Little Hiker
I am really desperate to help my mother to have a kidney transplant
Is anyone from Asia willing to answer some questions?
About to give up
Need help finding a place to live
Cannot catch up and debt is deeper.
Want to surprise my friend with a new game!
[deleted by user]
Asking to help my niece who is in a coma
Wiki not working
Help in writing an introduction for my new place of work!
Medical for a Baby # MeToo
Words of encouragement and support needed for a friend
Need $30!
Just need $105 by Monday or I’ll have a warrant for my arrest. Just started new job.
How do I raise funding for an international competition that I was selected to be a part of?
My mom is trying to save her house
Food bank
I need a few birthday wishes from other countries for my best friend specially from Sri Lanka and Switzerland
Please help my single mom
I'll Be Riding 162 Miles For Multiple Sclerosis, & I Need Your Support!
An anonymous online survey for a mobile safety application to combat public sexual harassment (US only)
[REQUEST] On Vacation with three generations of women and 6 kids, Hurricane Michael Blew Out our Kitchen Windows and We Have No Food!
Help researchers at Harvard and take this interesting survey about how you learn!
On Vacation with three generations of women and 6 kids, Hurricane Michael Blew Out our Kitchen Windows and We Have No Food!
[Advice] Time to Fight Like a girl. Story below.
help me write a letter
Seeking help for a bus ticket home
Hurricane Michael
$15 for travel expenses
Help divorcing my stalker husband.
What websites am I able to pay with PayPal?
Need help with my Bachelor of Arts thesis project
Help me escape homelessness
REQUEST PayPal money/ Uber gift card
Help with gas to get to Florida to help a family member?
I am in need of help
Could really use the help
In desperate need of assistance!!!
Trust and autonomous systems: The public perspective (working Australians - 20 to 40 years old)
Need Help Writing a Letter To Estranged Parents
I need financial help to stop my spine from degenerating
Mom died
Supplies for Panama City, Florida
Need help getting a ride to work
Need help getting a motel for 3 nights. Info in post.
Hey! Everyone I was wondering if someone can help me get a book?
i honestly just want a blow job
Please help me i Need my Family Car.
Dog groomers and associated NPO around PDX OREGON?
Stranded mom w\baby
I just need a peptalk or encouragement.
Help with phone bill for $55.
Missed my flight stuck in New Zealand
GoFundMe for aspiring ML developer
I just want emotional support
Any help is appreciated
Extremely down on my luck this week! Anything would go a long way.
[REQ] ($50) - Friends Funeral
In need of a non-profit / donation based dog groomer(s) Portland OREGON
Help Me Move Gome
In a desperate need for a bit of help!
My chair is over 5 years old and needs expensive repairs it is held together with cable ties and tape please donate to help me with getting a good used power chair that can stand
Asking for help to attack a rapists facebook page
Looking for advice while seeking work
Please share this link if you would
New to Reddit :)
[deleted by user]
A survey about password hygiene, for my communications class.
Survey about password hygiene.
I need help with adding a drumstick effect at the beggining of a song
SOS! Henna Needs Scoliosis Surgery
hey everyone I was just hoping that you guys could click on this link for me so I can see if it's worth doing I'm struggling right now being a single mother with no job opportunities so I'm trying to do some things from home
Lost everything, including my identity! Need only $5 to get back on track.
Need Money to Help Bridge Gap Between Jobs and To Not Become Homless
Help to save Tofu a very good boy.
Looking to borrow $100 for food money, will give interest
I need to post to r/borrow, but im 700 Karma short
Help Bobby Go Digital
Hurricane Michael has Demolished the Florida Panhandle.
Backed into a corner. Not seeing the way out...
[Request] need help for my 4 year old and the van we live in
Small Family needs assistance to not lose their home.
Need a loan! $200. $250 to be paid back on 11/15.
Medical issues
[deleted by user]
Looking to use someone's Disney World Employee Discount for booking a Resort Hotel
An anonymous online survey for a mobile safety application to combat public sexual harassment
Help my family keep our home
Donate to UNICEF and help my friend at the same time!
Need Reddit’s help in getting 500 responses to an Academic survey—3 minutes at the most
My niece was killed by a texting driver a year ago today. I posted her picture onto r/last images 10 months or so ago and the responses were incredible. It would mean the world to my family and me if y’all could reach out one more time! Info in comments.
My Walmart order has been delayed for days now...
Need to borrow 650 to pay vet bill
what is the policy on DMCA removal of content on /funny?
Trying to pay rent, desperate and hopeless, not sure what to do anymore. Need any help/advice.
Finally found work (two jobs) after being unemployed for months. Deadline to have work uniforms comes before first paychecks.
Rent money for scam victim
Need Help With Groceries
I need help paying off my car payment! In need of $40 can repay 10/19
Tinder verification
Need help with gas money.. can pay you back Friday.
Desperately need a loan /Loan shark. Will pay back large on interest
i need about $6 for gas to get to work tomorrow - i get paid friday and can pay you right back.
My dog needs ear surgery
A senior project dedicated to helping a paralyzed young man get around outside his home.
Would appreciate any help to get my life back.
Need help with a screwed up sleep schedule.
Unemployed, in debt, struggling to pay rent. Debt collector keeps calling me
Help! I can’t place/exactly remember a quote...
Hurricane Help
I get paid Monday, Rent is due by the 14th. I have been unable to work regular hours (30+ p/w) for a month due to a suicide attempt and hospitalisation. $1250 AUS Pay it back/forward with %20 interest over the next month!
[Req] $7 I am late on a bill
Local animal clinic killed my cat.
Braces for my self esteem
I need help
Please help me with parts to fix my car
[REQUEST] We need help paying bills and fixing vehicles to continue working and catch up on bills and payments. Lots of details inside.
Military family trying to raise money for laptop while desktop is in storage during move. May take 6 months to get desktop back.
Sick as f... with the flu. Need cold medicine and some food
Maggie - a cat in need, and an update on Jeff
Update- Help With School Supplies
I lost gas service. Need $497 to restore. I started a new job. Next pay is Oct 16th. I can pay you back with interest oct 16 with Apple Pay. I can receive Apple Pay. Please help. I’m not a bum. I have 4 kids. Work full time and didn’t even get the notice.
Have lots of clothes to give away (AZ)
Wondering if anyone would be kind enough to loan me $20.00 USD
[Request] Just found out we're pregnant with our third, mil kicked us out AFTER taking our money.
I'm fulfilling one of my biggest dreams in 10 days. Any advices/tips?
Electricity has been shut off, need it turned back on today to work or else I could be in even worse shape financially. (Los Angeles, CA)
Are we allowed to repost assistance requests?
Life saving CT scan and eye surgery for my cat, Coal!
[REQUEST] Family of 6 in a 3 bedroom apartment
Winter clothing for disabled vet and child
I'm a single mom of 4 kids and my cars fucked...
Help after Bowel Obstruction with hernia after having a baby by C-section than emergency surgery
Need assistance
I heard a strange sound. HELP
Could use some help for my dogs allergy test his bumps are getting insanely bad.
I hope someone would help me. My Dad loss his job and I've decided to temporarily withdraw from College
Not even sure where to start
[REQUEST] plan b pill
[Academic] Cellphone and Computer Survey (smartphone/computer users)
I'm stuck in a pretty bad position, but attempting to better myself with a volunteer term (10mon) in Utah
Help me pay my phone bill (college student)
[Request] Need opinions/idea on an interview for job I really want!
Revenge
Newly homeless in need of gas and food.
Need help paying health insurance bill
Honestly need some help.
Lost a year of my life and my ability to chew/talk/work normally for one joint. I need helping getting my life back
I lost two toes to diabetes complications and if you can help please do!
[Request] looking for good faith in help so I can later return the favor!
I will let reddit design my tattoo if my mom's life-saving treatment is funded. [UPDATE]
Help with food for family of 3.
Can anyone help me with gas and food?
Can anyone please send me $10 using Zelle?
[Request] Family has hit rock bottom.
Want to learn ukelele or guitar with my 3 year old daughter
[OFFER] Little girls clothes, shoes and toys for someone in need in Texas.
Best way to get cash in my hand?
Trapped in a different state while going into early labor.
My Close Friend May be Deported - Help me Help Him!
Medical bills from broken femur
[Offer] T-mobile Dining Advantage $20 dining credit code
Help for my cat Marzipan
[Request] Help paying power bill
Need help getting started
[Wish/Dream/SaveMyPC] Replacement PC/Streaming setup startup fund
I need assistance with a survey about roommates for a Business Plan Course
Looking for immigrants to help me with a suvey.
Need $10 to get medicine for my hurt bunny!
https://www.gofundme.com/you-can-just-make-one-of-these
Help with funeral
Support needed to learn more
Rusty watch box
Fired from work
Please Help Me Stay in My Apartment. Desperate Times. (Also posted to r/gofundme)
I just need $10 for gas until I get paid.
Help me win a trip to New Orleans!
$95 for phone bill
Just got out of prison need assistance
[REQUEST] For my little brother
Just need a donation of $2 jn total! Anyone?
4 more day of voting
[Request] Help paying power bill
[Request] Help me raise money for a great dog rescue!
Help with web app
[Request] Selling art/Doing commissions to help pay bills
Looking for baby swing or rocking chair
Need gas money
Wrong tax code [UK]
Which color laser printers have the cheapest replacement parts and toner?
Homeless for a few days
Mom of 4 adopts 4 siblings (ages 4-13) on 25th wedding anniversary, a year later to the day gets diagnosed with terminal brain cancer. (Glioblastoma grade 4) Please help if you can.
Need $2000 to pay off student loans Venmo is preferred will pay back $4000 by March 2019
Stuck in ogdensburg new york
Grandmother will be jobless :(
In need of diapers for my baby
Relocation
Mom of 4 adopts 4 siblings (ages 4-13) on 25th wedding anniversary, a year later to the day gets diagnosed with terminal brain cancer. (Glioblastoma grade 4)
I need $130-150 for a Textbook.
I don't know where my life is going..Please help
Technology Poll
Please take a look at Bigid's Path charity that provides inpatient medial care for drug exposed newborns and non-judgmental support for moms.
Helping My parents
My mom died and I need help
30$ to keep my cellphone turned on
Help regarding a laptop
If you want to quickly help me!
Just a short click is needed
8 months pregnant with my power bill due. If someone could help me I would be more than thankful..
Looking for help finding housing. Currently homeless living out of car but holding a job.
[REQ] loan for new books for school.
[Advice] Jobless, have a business degree, failed polygraph for year-long-wait job
Advice anyone?
My situation
Christmas help
I'm broke and someone stole my laptop :(
REQ: Assistance Needed to Evacuate for Hurricane Michael (details below)
Direct Support Professional - Autism - need clutch repair
I am looking to help my friend pay for his medical expenses as my friend hasn't been able to work since his accident...
Reddit, please help to do something the Army didn’t: help me start a good life
Campaign For My Daughter For Clubfoot Treatment
Building a new App
Please consider donating money to help this mom give $10,000 toward research for the genetic abnormality her sweet baby has.
Help me restore a car?
[REQ] ($350) - (#Atlanta, GA, US), ($400 on 12/10/2010), (Bank Transfer)
This might be a read, but assistance would be appreciated.
I could really use some help
MyMusicTaste campaign
Needed help for education
A student in need
Needed help for education
Cancer Diagnosis Hits Hard
Need some Advice/ Assistance
College Student
Need food for family and dogs
My family are losing their house
Please help me win a a trip to london
Need help with saving up for a vehicle
Help me start my dream business! - Full Dive Cafe
Emergency Relocation
Almost broke, am homeless
[REQUEST] ($300) - (#Schaumburg, IL) ($391 by 07 November) (Zelle)
I need to borrow £50 will payback £65 by next Friday.
I'm a Student and I got robbed
[Request][Fundraiser] [USA] Raising funds to prevent suicide
Please help share my art fundraiser for braces- Doodles for Dental
My house is being invaded by a hostile entity and i need your help!
Mom has 25% chance of living. She had a major heart attack.
Mom has a 25% chance of living. Don’t know what to do.
[REQUEST] reason to stay alive today
Borderline desperate, but free
An amputee needs guidance.
Can someone please order me pizza? Haven't eaten in a few days and can't afford groceries
Когда Бог муку раздает, черт мешки уволакивает.
Please help my three kids and I see my oldest son graduate from Navy boot camp on Nov 2nd. Looking for hotel employee's friend and family discount code.
Need help in getting married!
All hands on deck, Friend in Peace Corps raising funds to help some middle schoolers
Can someone send me $6 PayPal ?
Lifes too short help each other out.
Need help moving out
donations for studies abroad
Please support my gofundme to get out of a bad situation
Borderline desperate, but finally free
My boyfriend is on his last insulin pen
This women has ties in Arizona, colorado, Washington, and Idaho. The step husband boiled one of the children in the bath so bad she had to be taken to the hospital, where they tested positive for THC. PLEASE help us capture these people.
Please find it in your hearts to read about our special furry friend, Morty.
I need help making a new resume to update my circumstances
150.00 loan for dental sedation?
[THANKS] u/MooseAndOliver for the amazing headphones
[Offer] Hello Fresh $50 off first two boxes
Please i am a young man seeking help with medical and housing needs. Please see my link and if you have any questions please feel free to contact me. I appreciate anything and look forward to speaking with some of you.
Help me getting rid of my anxiety and rage bursts.
URGENT MEDICAL- Please Help Me Save My Mums Life
URGENT MEDICAL- Please Help Me Save My Mums Life
If anyone has spare/old copies of upper level math books
My family's cat needs dental treatment we can't afford
Can someone please give me a full-time job interview?
[Request] Need help paying children’s insurance and 2 more
[Request] need flea medicine after last couple treatments didn't work.
40% OFF on Academic Writing Service - Essay / Dissertation / Thesis / Coursework - Projectsdeal.co.uk
My sister with a 6 month old baby is moving out of abusive family, needs blankets, kitchen utensils, iron, anything you can give away
My uncle is in the ICU with one lung functioning.
I need a little help
How do I do this?
Need maternity outfit for job interview.
Need help with $$ for food.
Adult with learning disabilities need SELF helping ADVICE
Husband needs an inhaler ASAP and we are broke. What can we do?
Medical- a young family needs your help, this man was only 24 years old when he had a stroke,
Request to borrow $60.00 dollars until 10-12 repay $75.00 (cash app)
[REQUEST] My husband’s check was short, need $100 to move into new apartment next week
Lost contact with friends
Sonic Limeades for Learning Votes Needed!
URGENT MEDICAL HELP SAVE MY MUM PLEASE
[REQUEST] Need info on towing services in Louisiana.
Struggling to learn digital art. Any advice?
I need help with a speech.
Please help with my uncle's recovery from a ruptured brain aneurysm
how do i find work in another country?
Just had my second visit to the ER this week last night could really use help with gas
Eviction
[deleted by user]
Help my friend get to CA to collect Dad's ashes and then to Canada for Native burial
Seeking help for my two disabled friends who are in serious financial bind through no fault of their own
Friend needs help traveling to collect father’s ashes in CA and giving proper Native burial in Canada
How can i rid myself of aggressive feelings toward my abuser?
Mother’s Birthday
Friend needs help getting to CA to collect Dad's ashes and then to Canada for Native burial
[Athens, Georgia] Homeless for 3 months and I need help
I will let reddit design my tattoo if my mom's life-saving treatment is funded.
Help needed
mother of 3 kids needs help asap please
Study Abroad
Looking for participants - NHS research - Readiness for Employment Questionnaire - £1 gets donated to mental health charities
My brother needs all the help he can get
[Request] I need help with a writing job application
Please consider supporting this local teacher in reaching her goal to provide her 2nd Grade students with learning games for high engagement!
Stage 4 colon cancer
Help needed.
Single mom
Advice on good research papers to review
Job Help Please! (Ottawa, Ontario Area)
Make my daughters wish come true
Last 3 months of my culinary journey in Paris
I need to disappear for like 6 weeks but I kind of get that’s an unreasonable thing to ask for.
Question for mods
Need help with rent, got a new job and my paycheck is late, got eviction notice today for October 9th.
Memorization on Shakespeare
REQUEST: Im looking for some help in Calgary Alberta. I'm not requesting money, just some help.
Face down
Help Support My School's First Robotics Club!
Any support for creating a safe environment for a friend?
Student facing possible homelessness, looking for help with groceries and toiletries (Walmart registry link included)
Being evicted.
I'm looking for any help in obtaining a wheelchair accessible van
Advice needed. Maybe someone else will think of something I haven’t
GSK assistance & insur won't cover $900 monthly pill
Mortgage Fundrazr For My Family
Trying to help out my friend pay for school while she's in a complicated place. Anything helps guys
[Request] $100 loan will payback by 10/12/18 with $25 interest
Family suffering 2 major injuries in less than 6 months.
Electric
Company logo change ideas survey
REQ help with rent
Rent help
I want to start a non profit homeless tiny home community. Advice?
Friend's cat escaped, got hit by a car. Please check out the gofundme for his surgery!
In desperate need for a first month rent payment (~240USD), will repay asap in 2 installments
Need $4.4
Please help if you can!
Groceries
please read please help
Rehab advise.
Exhausted my options. I need £75 for travel, food and phone bill. I can pay back, but I'm not sure when.
My SO's uncle recently lost everything from a cyber attack. His savings, checking, and retirement funds are all gone. Im looking for any advice as to what his options are. Any help would be appreciated, no donations are necessary
Really need help before i end up homeless
Please help out our sunday school kids!
Trying to do better
Do we have a few dedicated folks here who can crochet hats n scarfs for the needy,and less fortunate this winter holiday season if I can supply you with the yarn?
[REQ] WA, Borrow $30-50 til payday
A dear friend of mine needs help with medical bills. Any assistance would be greatly appreciated!
Looking for people to share my website, YouTube channel, Instagram
Kitchen guy here! Just need some assistance for Uber/Lyft to get to work until payday! $100 will get you $150 on October 12. PayPal is my jam.
Please consider donating to keep my friend's family out of homelessness. Anything will be appreciated.
Currently at $3100 but need $400 more to continue chemo treatments by tomorrow! Please help/donate/share/pray! TIA!
School/Charity trip to Uganda
Sorry this is Long, asking for assistance.
Any suggestions on resources for mental health?
Not asking for cash, just asking if anyone can share a link for me.
I’m short on my rent this month, only about $75 or so, I’ll pay back with interest on my next payday if anyone can help me out?
Need help ASAP! Urgent Doctors appointment in a few hours
Single mom looking for supplemental income to emerge from toxic debt spiral!
Trans-Woman Struggling to make it. Washington State.
[Advice] Any small chance of someone from around Aberdeen area of the UK?
Week from HELL leaves me needing a little help with a room please
About to be homeless again and terrified
No money for textbooks
Worth a try. In need of kind heart lender...
Pregnant wife and I were in a car accident and other driver has no insurance.
[REQ] Assistance/advice needed, young person trying to work my way out of financial mistakes.
[Advice] I need medical advice.
Short Survey on Gardening for High School Senior Course
Gofundme for house fire
[req] Need about $15-$20 to cover some bills and try to buy some supplies for school
Just need individuals to talk to
[REQUEST] - help out a struggling soon to be father
Urgent help
Urgent! Need help! Please!
[REQUEST] Need a remote VA like Job to fund my classes and start a new business? L
[REQ] Single mother needs to come up with $2700 in a week or be evicted.
Short $20 for my SO medicine
I need 25 dollars to pay rent till November 1st please pay in bitcoin or bitcoin cash
Urgent Appointment In The Morning. Need help Now.
Please, just asking help in spreading word
Help me find my brother?
Help with $25 or so?
In need of a little assistance, if possible.
[REQ] Single mother may be evicted on Friday unless she comes up with $1,000
No money means no security to move in
Experiment: The Impact of Stigma on Mental Health
Help this family
Help this family
A simple request
In need of financial assistance - services offered in return
Need help
Single mom
I was involved in an internet scam
[Request]Internet about to get shut off, as is my phone. $30 to my name and underemployed right now. Location is southern Indiana.
Together, We Are the Change
Single Mom
Surgery for Butters
Pacemaker for Venezuelan Girl
Help Needed in Pueblo.
Help or advice
Need financial help!
Asking for help for the first time
Midsize company logo change survey
Single mother of 4
I am raising money for cancer research and attempting to set up a charitable initiative called Music Cures Cancer. A donation would be greatly appreciated, but just a share/follow would be great.
[Request] Having eye surgery on the 4th needing the money for fuel.
Im runing really low on money after paying rent this month and was asking for a $150 loan through r/borrow
[Request] $25 for groceries.
[Request] Ended toxic relationship, caring for my niece, need help with bills and willing to do odd jobs in exchange for financial assistance.
Requesting help in paying my bills.
Please help us help our Lily Kitten
Homeless in Brooklyn, NY. Need a friend.
[Request] Chronically ill and behind on life.
Just venting.
[Request] soon to be homeless in [Denver]. No money car or job. Need a place to stay until I can get back on my feet.
€10 fashion card
Quick Anonymous Survey on Fashion Trends (for Moms 18-35)
Single mom seeking help
Borrow 30 dollars until Friday?
Single mom in need
Need to borrow $23 until I get paid in a few hours.
Please help me pay my bills
Assistance with getting stray cat fixed.
I’m a single mom with 2 little kids that really needs $25 for diapers
Trying to get my granddaughter home
Trying to get my granddaughter back
Need Assistance
I was directed here by some very nice people, and figured it was worth a shot.
$10 for gas to get to work
gas money? (Chicagoland area)
Loss of job, only need a few bucks
In a tight spot.
[Request] Assistance For My Friend Nicolas To Help Him Recover
Raise money to get u/chicken_george0 Enchroma glasses
Trying to make it through the month
Please help my family!
Single Mother in Need
FIRE @ TATTOO SHOP, LOST EVERYTHING.. please help :(
Any lenders out there? Need $200 with $250 repayment on 10/4.
struggling high school student
Elderly veteran needing home repairs.
Desperate for financial help after 8 years of providing care for mother with Alz
[Athens, Georgia] I've been homeless for 3 months. I need help.
Please assist us in providing end of life care and funeral costs for my brother who committed suicide on 9/28/2018.
Quick Social Worker Interview - please help
Please help us toward our goal of keeping our home - we have just reached 10% of our goal
My step brother was taken by his mother, in breach of custody arrangements. We can’t find them anywhere. Can you help or give advice?
Gofundme/fundraiser to get Kevin back home
Birthday wish for daughter
Need deworming medicine for my pup
Broke, homeless, and stuck in emergency housing
Medical help
Is there Anyone can Help me Funds to fix my teeth? Any Amount/Donations Can Be a Big Help For Me. Thank You So Much
Can someone please give me a full-time job interview? All I ask for is an interview and a chance to prove myself.
Molly need $400 by Thursday to continue chemo treatments. Please share and donate if you can. Thank you!
Help with a lyft
I offer a free and good experience temporary email site
My friend’s puppy broke both of his elbows. We’re in desperate need of money.
I desperately need help with my car payment and rent—I am willing to donate babysitting (locally, am professionally experienced) and/or custom guitar tunes or cover songs for your viewing pleasure/custom poetry for you or a loved one/editing your college papers (professionally experienced)!
I am currently financially burdened while I wait for acceptance for a new position. Looking for assistance in exchange for custom crochet projects :)
Interesting Instagram title for 2 students that wants to start a amateur Cocktail-instagram account.
I don't know if I can post this here. But we really need help.
Survey
Diapering Survey (Parents)
I've created my own hell
I need a quick bit of help transferring funds
Hoping to do more artwork for pay!
can someone spare $10 for gas money
I need some help
Short Survey On High Temperatures in Cars For High School Engineering Course (3-5 Minutes)
People who use the Internet please help me with this survey (just 20 more responses needed)
Single mom in need of help
Need to borrow $370 for supplies for my art show. Will repay with interest! Details inside.
Need Australian citizens/permanent residents to fill my 5-minute survey, please!
[deleted by user]
Please help I'm having some kind of panic attack...
Trying to find any help with unexpected death?
Virtual assistants Services
Reddit won’t let me save videos
[deleted by user]
I constantly have diarrhea only after daytime.
Could I get a few of you to sign up for InboxDollars for me? I'll earn ten bucks if you do.
super long shot, but had my Airpods stolen while I was at ESL One NYC. not in a position where i can buy another pair.
A traveling fund campaign for an aspiring filmmaker!
Could use a tiny bit of help
Please Please Kind hearted soul Book a Cheap 30-35$ hotel room for me please from the bottom of my heart im in a bad way!
$10 Kohl's Cash
A slightly different type of assistance needed
Drain water from clogged full bowl toilet?
Guidance with computer purchase from ebay. Afraid of making dumb mistake again. :-/
[Request] Struggling to pay rent, my medications, and doctors apppointments
Just Needing Some Help To Get Through A Rough Patch
Halloween arts festival in rust belt buildings in Cleveland
Answer my survey (please i’m begging you)
You loves your mother and sister,..
Help paying off car
Anybody have 25 dollars worth of BTC or BCH ?
Like cats? Buy a badge pin from U.K. based illustrator Thumbs, and help him pay for his cars leg amputation after she was hit by a car.
Barred from work until October 11th due to surgery
Getting away from abusive bf
Looking for a loan nyc
I graduated with my bachelor’s earlier this year and I’ve really been struggling to find a full-time job. I finally got one, and I start on Monday, but it’s been a tough month and I don’t have my rent. Any funds or loans out there for grads in transition periods to help bridge the gap?
MacBook Air 13.3" logic board damaged, looking for and offering the spare parts.
WATCH THE SCRIPTURES OF THE INTERNET ON YOUTUBE JOIN THE MOVEMENT
ARC3 Internet - Help support the future of the internet
Moving to New City. Need Help to Get There.
Man in need, and contemplating suicide. Needs help and a place to stay.
I'm going to be homeless without some help
Need money for Estrogen (Trans mtf)
I've Spent 15 Years Not Knowing What This Song Is. Anyone?
Best friend has Chiari Malformation
I need help planning my suicide.
Anybody know loan shark nyc
I don’t know what to do
Help me get a bed, please?
I’m hungry
When is it time to say goodbye to a family pet?
Need Food Badly
In need of help
Inner City Chicago kindergarten class
Please listen to this original song that I created last month.
Update: Potential job fell through, facing eviction! Need 600 by Monday
My sister's sixth birthday is a few days away.
New to the group, curious what can be done
Left my wallet on a plane. Need to borrow $100 and will repay any kind soul $120 this Wednesday 10/3.
Lyft
heyo if someone could let me borrow $50 bucks id appreciate it (my birthday is comin up if that helps)
[REQ] desperate mom trying everything! Willing to trade services ♥️
Help this woman
What are some ways other than MLM to make money online? Am a stay at home mum trying to make an income.
Starting a new job tomorrow but my phone’s about to be shut off. If anyone could help me out it would be great.
Work boots needed
I need £75 (~$95) desperately!
How to get over a break-up
Need $300 for car fix.
[Request] Need $500-$1200 urgently (today) to pay the tax department, or my childhood home may get sealed (more info inside)
(Last post was too tech related) ethical issue, not sure what I should do if anything at all.
[OFFER] For All You Makeup Addicts
Hi, this is an urgent request for gofundme donations, A violent attack on me caused PTSD and very severe depression my full story is available on the link if you’re unable to donate, will you please share
A Home for a Soldier
Best friend is watching my cats - not going well.
Very specific question. Do "travel aides" exist?
[REQUEST] Pls. I need $15 to complete my money to get an Ipad for studies
Have no food this weekend
Help me pass English by taking my survey!
Paid bills, no extra for birthday for kid. Could really use some help.
[Request] $20 to pick up my work check..
I’m struggling to make ends meet.
Can someone please give me a full-time job interview?
Homeless and Disabled in NYC
Another plea on behalf of my friend, who is only able to survive thanks to donations right now while she waits for her disability appeal to go through
Groccery money help, considering a loan business?
I'm a little disappointed but not discouraged! So.... Here we are again. Now I'm giving away 3 laptop computers that I want to go to under-privileged students where it can make a difference in their lives. TEACHERS are encouraged to nominate deserving students.
Homeless In NYC - Need Advice/Options
Help With Food
Why does he treat me this way?
I don’t have any pasta sauce. Just pasta noodles. What can I do?
I need a loan $450 payback $500 by 10/3 or sooner.
In need of food assistance, broke, in debt and struggling with mental health.
Bad credit & limited income- how do I provide vet care to my dog?
MEDICAL ASSISTANCE - Donations for Newborn with Heart Issues.
My best friend has two babies and can barely afford diapers.
Recently kicked out my abusive ex and now I'm struggling to make rent
Help me fight Lyme disease
[Offer] Free year of service of cloud based phone routing system
My niece at 23 weeks
I recently had a lost
Need a little help until payday. Will be paid back
[REQUEST] HELP WITH RENT THIS MONTH
[REQUEST]Order some cub scouts popcorn and help my kids go to summer camp!
Will someone be willing to cosign for me on a personal loan of $2000, and in return I will give them a portion of the loan.
Homeless kitten has Fleas
Need British English voice recordings from people from the UK for my friends research thesis on accents and pronunciation. A recording on the vocaroo would be great.
Just a school kid in need
Mother In Need
I just want to apologize for yesterday.
5 minute Korean 1 Conversation recording due tomorrow
Please help me win this wedding!
Please consider helping me out
[REQUEST] Please help me save my cat
I’m 17 and I will be kicked out of my house at the end of the month if I don’t get money for rent
Diagnosed depressed and anxious teen about to be homeless because I don’t have money for rent.
I want to make my mom's dream come true again.
Need money for food, haven’t eaten in almost 48 hours
Voltron - School Dance pls help
Diapering Survey (US Parents)
Help me write a letter
Friend home was burglarized. He is in desperation.
Fundraising for my mother
Lost my job GF hates me dont have any food
Can someone help me make my appointments before my job starts? Can pay back mid-late October.
Spokane, airway heights/reardan. I am not good at this asking for help thing but homelessness is quite a motivator...
Help make my girlfriend's birthday special.
Need help getting through the week
I need to raise money for a charity trip to Uganda, any small donation is appreciated!
Need help getting 2 small parts for my car! Please!
(Illinois) Looking for non-profit organizations that offer rental assistance. Thank you.
Thank you u/Talen_Kurikson
I need help not getting evicted
I can't sleep
{REQUEST}!I’m hungry in between work and class. I just need money to go into the campus cafeteria.
Need advice on how to help my parents
Travel advice for late one way travel.
I just want people to go to our website/blog
I need money for a charity trip to Uganda, and small donations are appreciated!
I'm having a major breakdown. I can't hold it anymore.
21 and dumb
Struggling to pay rent in Texas...
Screwed.
In need of a loan for bills ($300)(GTA, Ontario, Canada)
Could I get a few of you guys to sign up for InboxDollars for me?
A dollar, paypal help if you can. Piano
Need help with flea medicine for my cat
Rental Assistance ($2100)
Had hip surgery on July 30th and it has taken longer to get back to work than originally thought. Need help with gas, and bills if possible. Will pay it forward as I have done in past.
Urgent. Please take 5 minutes of your time to help me with my thesis.
Wedding anniversary letdown
Struggling and stressed out
Post maternity leave rent help
Help with phone and food (Harrisburg, PA)
Karma requirements are basically saying
I need 6 dollars
I’m in a bind and need $100 for rent by tomorrow morning 11 am est. I can pay back Friday morning with interest and provide some personal details if needed
Editing.
[Request] Single mother of two desperately needs help after emergency surgery
Ugh tooth sensitivity
Band Fundraiser 🎷
Power bill assistance
I'm tight on money and i'd need help to buy my Cats food and litter
Please help find this movie
My boss is fucking around on our paychecks, and basically forging them, I think.(PA)
Need Help With Food. 5$
Need 77 dollars, i'm short that much for my rent
Help with dinner tonight, dominos pizza
Can someone please help fix my resume pro bono?
[Request] Does anyone have a video camera?
A gift for a friend
In need of a functioning laptop or netbook.
Would like to do something special for my family. (don't qualify for a (RAOP)
[REQUEST] Would like to do something special for my family. (don't qualify for RAOP)
[REQ] ($45) (#Nashville, Tennessee, USA) (October 5, 2018) (PayPal or cash app)
Beautiful Littmann stethoscope to a medical professional/student in need!
Was finally offered a job after a month of unemployment. Don’t start until October 8th, car payment is due October 11th.
Desperate.
Going through a tough time
Help with dental bill? if this is not the place to post let me know.
Need $45 today. I can pay you back $50 when I get paid next Friday (oct. 5th)
[deleted by user]
Need help getting to work today Can AND WILL pay back
Need to get my car inspected for Uber. $50 would be a big help!
Kung Fu Tea app gives a code that i need!
Back Against the Wall, Need some Advice
[Academic Survey] Parents Purchasing Laptops (parents of teens)
2 year old debt that I need assistance on
My team and I are working on a school engineering project. We would like people to fill our quick survey.
Help me help a Tanzanian law student?
Help paying for CTEC Tax Course
Need immediate help with medications
Help With Medical Expenses
I'm posting as my previous post didn't get much attention, and I take full responsibility for that as I didn't include very many details about my situation. We're going through a very rough time rn and any help would honestly help us tremendously. At the moment we need at least $100-cont in post
I need someone with psychological expertise to talk to me
Help me quit my job
Thank you, thank you, THANK YOU u/assistanceassistant
Share and help please
Change in career paths
A dog rescue in Pakistan needs money
Student loan help - please take the time to read my story. Thank you so much and God bless! Any donation helps!
I know who burgled me and don't know how to the approach the situation.
I really need my $53 phone bill paid. Can pay back next Thursday!
Sponsorship??
Help us win please!!
don't have enough karma to post on another sub... i can and will pay back next Friday!
Desperately need work boots
$50 to refill my prescription
Had my surgery for Endometriosis
https://www.gofundme.com/660e6wo
A drunk driver hit my parked car, and I'm pretty sure insurance is going to total it.
Need help with a bus ticket to get home
My oldest brother just died. Advice needed. I am completely devastated
Insurance & Medicines
Education help
Please help this dog
Single mother of two, just trying to skate by until I'm working again.
In need of some serious help
Do you need help and you don't know how to apply for assistance
My friend has kidney failure. She is starting dialysis and will need a transplant but has no health insurance..
Help me get $100 (non monetary)
Australians required for academic survey please!
Need help getting clothes.
Can someone help me out with some argumentative topics for my essay?
Looking for financial advice/reassurance
Please help me escape this Centrelink hell!
Please help a sick mum out.
Leaving town for treatment for MS, have no money for Husband to eat, or gas for the car, or anything
The sweetest woman I've met in my town is currently unresponsive in the hospital
Mom and 1 year old son stranded in San Antonio
Help with boys toys
Help My Mother Beat Her Cancer!
Sort of hopeless
Please help our kitten get a lifesaving surgery
Father of 2 fighting stage 4 Prostate Cancer
Seeking Monetary Assistance
I Can Turn was 1600 to 5000 (No bullshit and only one person)
Request for sensory items for school/home for 9 year old with Autism
The $25k Wedding Day | G105! Please vote!
Just been hit with a £2146.66 bill. Enforcement officers coming on Monday if we can't pay the amount in full by then. (Wales, UK)
Falling way behind on bills and rent - can i draw or make something for you and you name the price?
Injured/Ill cat, cannot afford vet bill
And the winners of the laptop giveaways are...
Charlie's chapter - liver cancer
Seeking assistance for me and my kids
Help me scape from socialism in Venezuela
[Request] 8 year olds birthday this weekend, single mom, tight budget.
Coupd really do with some help
Free Travel mug
Small amount of help would go a long way
Looking for full or part-time work, Berkshire/London UK.
Help me win a free wedding values at 25000 with vote!!!
Can I borrow someone’s Netflix?
Can someone please give me a full time job?
Western union legit?
Business Awareness Survey (Academic Purposes)
Assistance For Things We May Take for Granted
I’m in need of a loan to move due to a job offer. I have poor credit and a bank will not fund me. I can give payments every week until the loan is paid off.
Someone please help
My husband had a knee replacement surgery and now we need help
Gas Money
My father was brutally murdered one night before my mother was due to return home. Desperately seeking help with our legal fund.
May father was murdered one night before my mother was due to return home. Desperately seeking help with our legal fund.
Request Help with vet bills to save our cat Doyle!
I can’t afford to get home today laying outside
Need Help Graduating
Been off work due to illness. Really broke and could use some money for some food.
Can I get help to go home?
[Repost][Academic] Pain and Obesity (18+)
Single mother of two needs help after emergency surgery. Currently back in hospital
Would like to get my kid an actual booster seat.
Car assistance
Looking for small jobs so I can pay to have my dog neutered.
I need help!!! About to loose the only thing I own!! Please
My eating disorder is ruining my life and I'm cracking
Please can anyone fill out my questionnaire for my Masters dissertation on antibiotic use [England and Wales]
[REQUEST] I need a little bit of money so that my mother and I can afford gas to drive to work for the next week.
I'm lost in my life. Everything seems so fake, so transparent.
Need 100 comments about this post.
Headphones stolen
Legal: Mother walked out and is now filing for divorce and custody
Please help Milo the Puppy walk
Looking for older robot gaming App
Water shut off tomorrow
Ralphs Fight against Lymphoma
Help with nintendo gift card redemption code via Raise
Request - about to be a dad
24 month boys winter jackets
Any assistance that can be offered to me and twin daughtets
Apartment Stuff
Down a terrible rabbit hole
Flood it and have lost everything in life.
[Request] Help with dog food and bike helmets.
Social Media Survey
Artist with newborn, in need of career and sales help
Need help as soon as possible
Just had to spend every dollar I had to fix car. Could someone help me out with bread, sandwich meat, milk & cerial?
Single mom of two, being evicted for being poor
[Offer] VTech baby monitor with one parent unit
Looking for a loan, or any donations . Single mom struggling, just wanna be on my feet again . Please help if you can
Homeless After Being is Wrongly Accused of Crime.
Can someone help me ship a cap to switzerland that got stolen last night?
Food for groceries
Winter Jackets and Boots For Kids
Fake vs real credit card issuer calls
Help me out.
Mia’s computer died! Moving next month! Any donation will help!
Help me create a resignation notice to the family I nanny for
Hurricane relief fraud
asking for a little help, one last time; unsuccessful thus far on r/Borrow (Harrisburg, PA, USA)
dont know how to make a resume so i can work
My cars transmission died, need help for work, family, life
Can somebody teach me how to use this old thermostat?
Living in a really unclean home.
[Request] Need help to get my GED please! [Paypal,Venmo,cashapp]
Collection of Happy Things
Desperate for help!
I'm out of food until the 4th of October
Survey for stats project- mind answering a couple questions?
Hello all! My friend has been having some trouble making ends meet, and it seems like she may not be able to eat much this month if she pays her rent in full.
i am a graduating college student and i need help paying for my tuition
Desperate for an online job
Army proud,
Dog needs his teeth cleaned
[Repost][Academic] Survey on individual differences and stress. Especially need more males, but all welcome!
Please help need around $15 for next week gas to work
[Thank You] Thank you for protecting me from germs!
Please help me obtain a surgery for my sweet rescue sphynx kitty!
(REQUEST) Please Help!
[Just some kind words to help me get through the day] Having trouble with having no emotional or physical support at the moment
Tetanus shot help, stepped on an old roofing nail out back
I'm homeless and in need of a new backpack
I'm just hungry
[Academic] Data Storage Utilization Survey
My daughter was recently paralyzed. Please help!
Need an audience!
[Repost][Academic] Pain and Obesity (18+)
[urgent request] Moving disaster leads to nothing to sleep on.
Hi all. My prescription went up $6 and I'm stuck here without the extra money
Have money in Venmo. Instant Transfer isn't working! Have Paypal! NEED HELP!
Advice on making quick money: Fathers kidneys failing, moms all alone, also have to support my wife and son, advice on what to do? (Original post was deleted)
My check was less that I needed it to be and now all bills are paid but I still need gas/groceries.
We need HELP. We are a newly married couple who is days away from eviction. Anything helps - even just your prayers.
Hi guys- my friend is in dire need of help and I'm trying everything I can.
[Request] $5 so I can get something to eat today
[Advice] made homeless today
Came out as gay, kicked out. Left house that was stealing my money and items, went to different house and lost job because car doesn't run and people I'm staying with didn't want to take me at 5am. Kicked out because I couldn't pay them.
Need money now to avoid paying more later.
Fixing past mistakes
Chose wrong form of payment on EBay
Help me try to save my cat, please?
Made a PGE account
Escaping an abusive relationship, need help badly
Trying to help my mom out.
1500 miles away from dying father, need help flying home
I spilled sprite on my laptop what should I do? Please help!
Daycare Cost is Outrageous
Humble Bundle - Overwatch 12$
I am needing help getting a vehicle but dunno where to turn
Homeless & Needs Help To Pay The Shelter/Homeless. Life feels hopeless.
family friend in need of a kidney transplant again.
Homeless in a week with a 2 year old
Please share link help me spread the word
Family needs any donation. Hurricane Florence destroyed everything. Please help
57 Second Survey - Help Us Name Our Startup Ecommerce Platform! :)
What do I do about reddit?
How can I buy a car with me and my family's credit the way it is?
[REQUEST] Active Duty US Airman looking for lightweight boots that fit.
Active duty military needing some new boots. Hoping someone has some that are in regs or might help me find some.
Anybody Italian born and raised in Rome willing to help out with a schoolproject?
Please help - train travel costs for a very broke student
I am needing help getting a vehicle but dunno where to turn
Just relocated in July. Old tenants didn't pay rent before leaving. Got a court and eviction notice in the mail for $1200 due over the next 5 days. Subleasing so technically it falls on me. Help, please. Anything helps. Willing to pay back over 2 months.
My friend has gone through an extremely tough fight with cancer. Please consider donating to help him afford a new bionic arm
In desperate need of 31.00 for antibiotics and pain meds for an abscess tooth.
Forced to move out at 18– enrolled in college, working, barely scraping by. I can edit a paper or manuscript for you.
Lost and Scared For The Future (Mod Unfairly Removed This Post)
Upcoming Adult Store needs your help NOW! Participate and get a -15% DISCOUNT CODE!
Family in desperate need of help ASAP!
Lost and Scared For The Future
[Academic] ThermoCup Survey for product development (All welcome)
A massive Thank You to u/Somebody_81
Please take a look at my gofundme that I created to start my small business
(REQUEST) Honestly, I am unsure how much to request, but something, anything helps!
Assistance getting online therapy after losing best friend to suicide.
Desperate for help!
I have $45 stuck in Mercari. I don’t have a US bank account to withdraw it. What can I do?
I'm on Social Security Disability. Please help me find income-based affordable housing in/around NYC or L.A. (and how to get there)
My student loans are going to default
What are some ways to make money between paychecks? I’m just a little short for the week
[North-mid Ohio] Cat rescues, adoption services or anything else that can find forever homes for a friendly pregnant tortie, and her tabby buddy
Hey... so we’re out of money..
Getting locked out in 7 days
Please vote for friend trying to help her career!
My mom passed away and I need help with a slideshow if anyone can assist
I'm tired and can't think correctly
A heartfelt THANK YOU to /u/Somebody_81 and /u/hushhushsleepsleep!
Medical Assistance for late stage breast cancer
[Request] [US] Send any child a $2 craft kit using my referral code (subscription/cancelation required after)
[Academic] ThermoCup Survey for product development (All welcome)
[Request] Assistance with breathing easy
Inbetween projects and jobs, could face eviction! Writer needs rent help
[deleted by user]
[REQUEST] I’m a broke college student and need math lab access code
I cannot afford MyMathLab, something required to do my homework.
thinking of ways to earn money
[Repost][Academic] Pain and Obesity (18+)
Let's Roam for Charity!
In need of extra money to get the bills paid this month. I do portrait art, digital painting, logo design, website design. Whatever you want!
in 2017 Crohns almost took my world away from me. Now the light of my life is giving back to the foundation which helped save us
I'm giving away 6 laptop computers that I want to go to under-privileged students where it can make a difference in their lives. TEACHERS are encouraged to nominate deserving students. Please x-post to other subs that you think can help get the word out.
Please help a daughter with her mum's diagnosis of MS | GoFundMe link in description
It has been a rough 2 years any help appreciated
Contact Lens
My grandmother died
In between jobs, starting new job next week. Need 50 dollars for antibiotics for pet rat.
Can Someone Read the Maker's Name on This Tag? Thank you. Photos of item included, in case it helps.
What means trust for?
[Request] High risk pregnancy, need a blood pressure monitor
The repo man is right around the corner.
My air condition unit keeps auto turning off?
Please fill out my short survey
My appartment is disgusting and the fact i have no credit and no endorser is ruining my life
Help with pull ups for 2 kids
Please sign this petition and share
[Unethical Request] How can I use the American system to get aid, money, food stamps etc.
[META] Really don’t understand downvoters
Just sharing to help my nana vefore she looses her home .because im to far and to broke to help her and my uncle.
Homeless with kids
Help with son’s asthma & allergies
SOS HELP!! NEED 300 RESPONSES FIR ENGINEERING SURVEY!!!
Assistance with Survey for Fitbit Brand Extension
Got kicked out, disabled, life fell apart. Looking for hope and distraction
Monetary Donation request- Unfairly Evicted for Child's Autistic behaviors
Help me sell my ridiculously expensive bad painting
Help my Golden Retriever beat Cancer
Anyone have any Carters fun cash or gymboree gymbucks?
READ MY STORY AND YOU DECIDE
Thank you! Got my special caliper bolts
Reddit, I need your help (vote/views)
MEDICAL REQUEST HELP ME AFFORD DENTAL CARE https://www.gofundme.com/wtywg-help-me-afford-dental-care
Homeless and need help
Hey Guys! Need your help with a survey I am conducting on how people manage their finances. You could get a $25 amazon card!
$100 short on rent
Need help titling my research paper
[offer] Anyone able to get any "interesting" panties for cash?
hey can u help a brother out
Anyone know where I can buy a cheap computer/laptop? Does anyone have a spare one laying around?
I really need to borrow some gas money, details below
In a tough spot and can't see my way out of it.
Any advise Help needed to feed my so.
Please save my karma!
Parents cut me off (I work for them) need money for my trip. $15 for essays and blog posts, $10 for Editing and copywriting a essay or blog post
Please fill my survey! [xpost r/SampleSize]
Please take this survey!
Single mum with toddler
Free tutoring in game development
Need Help Finding A Book I Don’t Remember Name Of
Truck is broke,can't get to work
[Request] Need help purchasing training aid for service dog
Please vote for my friend in a musical contest!
MODS PLEASE DONT DELETE I AM LITERALLY STUCK AND AM 36 MILES FROM HOME NEED ABOUT $40. STRANDED
Single mother of 2 in need of assistance
Desperately need to make money to help my family out, selling full art commissions for $6!
Please take my survey!
I Need a Kind Soul to Issue me a Non-Interest Loan... $200
[REQUEST] Can anybody help me get by til I get my paycheck?
Need help with essentials and gas
[Repost][Academic] Pain and Obesity (18+)
Please Help Me Spread My Gofundme
Hi, I'm R. and I'm currently inpatient receiving ECT at a mental health facility.
In a toxic/abusive relationship and need help with gas money to get home to my mom. He won’t let me have a job or I would already be gone.
A shot in the dark for a laptop
Need Help: Scared I'm Pregnant and I need Someone to tell me the truth
I need help with my rent
Hoping to borrow $60 until Monday.
“Socialism” (AKA communism) has me in the border of losing my mind
Single mother of 4 sons
I’m desperate. In need of new exhaust.
[Request]Help with motel and food for homeless family
Just trying to avoid standing on the street with a sign
Please I need desperately need to borrow $20-30
Validation Survey for Financial App Idea
Vascular Surgery Out of Country Required.
Need 185 Karma to Post to Borrow
[Advice] How to block a specific url?
Does anyone have extra choice hotel points they aren't using or possibly help me stay at a hotel for a few nights?
Help us and make $5! We need PDF417 examples from every State - all you need is to have a DL.
Car Insurance assistance
Temporarily broke and I could really use some help
Will become homeless
My family is about to lose everything please read
Can someone please clip a part of this video for me
How do you get your news? And other follow up Q’s
Hit a bump in the road...
Back Pain Survey
Mental health/OCD related help
I'm rappelling an 8-story building for charity in November and I need donations!
I just need like.... $8 to buy my weekly salad (via paypal please)
Trying to find a legitimate at home job so I can afford to take my dog to the vets.
Behind on mortgage....PLEASE HELP!
Anyone help me get my balance from the selling app?
Overdrawn account
Am I jewish?
Desperate to find someone who works at Intuit/Mint
[Repost] Individual differences and stress questionnaire for university
Need help paying debts off so I can join national guard
[Offer] 25$ simple mobile refill card
Please help me afford my dog's heartworm treatment
Sorry if this is breaking the rules (I don't *think* it is). Could you please take this quick 6 question survey to help me out with my AP Statistics project? Would be much appreciated!
I'm starving and I don't know what to do
Cat losing weight. Completely out of food.
Could someone spot me $20 til Friday?
Unexpectedly high electric bill that I'm trying to pay down but can't.
Random stranger that I want to help
Middle School Teachers Lost Home in Hurricane Florence- Anything Will Help!
Need bus fare to get home up north
Need help for first day of work
Omg Reddit! I can't thank this community enough!
Overdrew my account paying Bill's. Eek!
Moving to a better place
$60 to quit smoking
Anyone with frequent flyer miles to spare?
Any donations would be greatly appreciated
Wanted to take my 3 yo daughter for 1 on 1 mom and princess time at a cute local event, a lot of stuff came up.
[Repost][Academic] Pain and Obesity (18+)
[THANKS] to u/CMD2!
Male Participants Required (40-60 years) for The Fashionable Body visual survey. Please help!
I'm 16 and saving for a downpayment on a used car.
My name is Dustin. I've lost my job and need help
Unsolved Homicide case from 1997, 1998ish.
In need of a short term loan
May I have some comment Karma please?
My uncle just died from hornet's sting
Hello, my name is Kevin and I need retweets to get free access to a math website to help me with Stat!
Maybe just some words of wisdom or encouragement
It's been really rough for me and my cat Max in the last two weeks...
I'm afraid my little bro may hurt himself one day (not sure if this is the right place)
[Request] Hard working and I love my girlfriend
[Repost] 2-minute survey for stats class (18+, U.S.)
Hi, my name is Rob and I currently live in a tent in the woods.
Does anyone know any emergency women and children shelters in the Philadelphia area? Asking for a friend and her daughter.
need some help with making a home, possibly some car repairs, after leaving a toxic home
Please help me get the funds to start a business
Ipsy bags/pouches
Help me by helping yourself. Get money scanning your reciepts with Ibotta. We both get $10 when you scan one receipt.
[Academic] ThermoCup use Survey for product development (All welcome)
[REQ] is your financial assistance possible?
Hello everybody! I’m short on money while looking for a job, I’m doing tarot readings for however much you wish!
At my breaking point
Trying to get back on my feet....just need a little help to get back on track.
Please help me save a sweet rescue sphynx kitty.
[Thanks] I want to thank /u/forgetmenot1981for getting my son school shoes.
Need ideas on how to make a wall collage type thing as a memorial of our dog Roscoe who passed last year.
Advice on How to Get By While Waiting on SSDI
Need help
[request] [us] send any kid a $2 subscription craft box with my referral code, then cancel subscription
Dirty job, dirty clothes, just need a plug adapter so I can dry my clothes.
Looking for advice/help with the home I live in. It's a disaster, and probably not safe to be living in.
[Request] Money to complete studies
I need 30$ before I go home tonight
Fighting against human trafficking!
EMS worker saved this dog from a fire but now she needs an operation
Help us save some animal lives! Starting a new shelter for stray and neglected pets!
I just need $5 for gas
[REQ] Interested in buying dinner tonight in exchange for dinner tomorrow?
Need $10 for Uber to hospital ER, BADLY
Women’s clothes&cosmetics for someone in Minnesota
Need some advice regarding getting disablilty benefits
[Request] $50 bill for new job TODAY. Will repay $60
I need help fleeing an abusive relationship.
I need help with measurements
Is it possible to have a low IQ and still complete university?
Surgery-Recovery
[Academic] Banking and Social Causes in Australia. Please help! (Australians)
[Request] Money to continue my studies
[Request] [US] Send any child a $2 craft kit using my referral code (subscription/cancelation required after)
URGENT help needed
[Request] Feeling down and need a stranger to talk to
Need help so I can grab my RX tomorrow morning. $40
[Request] I need a little help to get a job and keep getting food stamps.
Volunteer Humane Officer needs some help.
Need Help With Completing BSU Startup At My School! Need Volunteers!
Graduate thesis survey: household attitudes towards literacy (US, 18-25)
Looking for someone to help with personal issues
[REQ] $80 - (Corpus Christi, TX US) (Can repay before 9/30/2018) (PayPal, Zelle)
[REQUEST] [$30] [PayPal or Cash app]
[deleted by user]
[REQ] ($60) (Columbus OH) (Will repay on 9/28/18)(PayPal, Cash App)
[REQ] ($60) (Columbus,OH) (Will repay on 9/28/18)(PayPal,Cash App)
[Advice] Getting rid of mice and cleaning up.
My best friend has gone through a massive journey with cancer which resulted in him losing his arm, please consider donating to help him afford a bionic arm
Another update & A small request
AP Stats Survey
Suspended from /r/borrow due to deleting a post
Help a boy and his swim team get equipment, fees covered, and transportation cost to go to competitions.
Can anyone help me find what this link goes to?
[Request] Repost from r/personalfinance, lost my job with three toddlers and a physically disabled wife, please read.
Male participants required (40-60 years) for The Fashionable Body image-based survey. Please help!
[REQ] Unfortunately I live paycheck to paycheck(weekly), now Management has reduced my weekly hours and my budget is too short, I could really use a helping hand.
Job Application Help
Ned to get to work
What's wrong with me? What can I do to make myself feel better?
Homeless and crying
[Request]Not Sure Where Else To Ask
[Request] Help with medicine and food
SOS. Need help with Spanish homework
[Medical Request] Please Read and Share :) Thanks.
Can you please fill in my girlfriends uni survey? Only 1 minute required
$200 required for an unexpected expendtiture
Please help me get my pup to the vet!
Help my refugee students get some much needed technology.
Could you guys tell me that everything is going to be okay?
[Repost][Academic] Pain and Obesity (18+)
Please help me raise money to pay for my cats radiation treatment!!
[Animal] Rescued senior severely needs medical funding!
I'm desperate and looking to borrow $900 to help pay rent.
I need to get my karma up!
I need people for something.
[Request] $5 to bring my account back positive and avoid fees
She gives of herself daily for her community and some jerk stole her car.
Need help getting contacts
Dr. Ayleen Augustine Needs A Car- It was stolen Monday
Help me get some large buffalo fries
A friend's dog
HELP - Spanish Tenses Tutor for Basic/Intermediate Spanish
I just got a parking ticket and I have to help pay my mom’s hospital bill (possibly) and I just can’t afford it :(
Got car out of impound lot but now need a new tire for car ($120)
Please listen to this original song I created.
Short for Rent/Getting setup for new apartment
Need ~500$ CAD to purchase a used laptop/desktop that can run the programs I need for my uni classes. My house was broken into a few weeks ago and my computer was stolen.
Need help with bus fare.
[REQ] $20 for unexpected expense. (South gate, MI, USA) will repay on September 28th, 2018. (Cash App)
Creative Business Name?
Just a little help.
Trying to raise money for my app. Paying kids to play pickup sports.
Short on rent for the month
Odd request but...
Thanks to /u/catlayingonakeyboard for the assistance with the backpack!
Please sign a petition for our group
Post graduation thesis survey. Need 100
HELP!!! Can anyone help with rabies forms and getting pets into Sweden from Thailand?
Need money urgent
Need 30 cents through PayPal
Help Me Overcome 6 Years Of Disability And Finally Get An Education
New apartment + empty fridge + need pet food
I’m super shy
[Academic] ThermoCup Survey for product development (All welcome)
Need around 500$ CAD to purchase a used laptop/desktop that can run the programs needed for my uni classes.
Please
2-minute survey for stats class (18+, U.S.)
My dog contracted Parvo and I'm barely making ends meet as is. Please help, GoFundMe link in description.
Just moved, short on money
[Information] how to get a blizzard gift card from someone in the EU on amazon?
[Request] need a small loan for bills and groceries
Sudden family members death :(
Looking for a apartment or duplex to rent in Stockton CA
I’ve been diagnosed with cancer for the 3rd time in 5 years. I haven’t asked for help yet but I’m drowning in medical bills. My younger sisters decided to start a gofundme but we have little traction and experience.
Weekly repayment. Car might be repoed.
Please listen to this original song I created.
[REQ] (update) flight booked, need funds for luggage and meals
Request for help with groceries
Would like to borrow $50 for a math program.
I need a loan Please
In need of help
Let go of a job. Need a small financial help
I need help with my general health.
Survey regarding community games!
It's for our Engineering Class! 300 responses!
Lets Make Tina Smile Again!
Help and I'll pay it forward
In a little bit of a bind here, just need people to sign up through my referral with Acorns here
Please help finish my survey
Please help my friend, they're in desperate need!
Can you spare a little money to help this girl reach $600 (she needs $94) for cancer research?
My start at a new job is being delayed because of the storm. Can I borrow $100 for groceries
I get paid tomorrow. I just need $15 to get me home from work today
[Request] Winter clothes for my dad
Help Me Not Get Evicted $620
Need help raising funds for my partner's visa
In need of gas to get my kids to & from school until 9/18
A huge, massive thank you to thisISme4now
Colorado Springs?
I need help covering remaining airfare to say goodbye to my sick mother.
Parents of children with autism needed for online survey.
Repost - Please help a fire station win $10,000 in upgrades (Voting ends Saturday)
I've done this a few times to no avail, things are getting worse. Please hear me out.
[Request] Help me afford the opportunity of a lifetime!
Genesse County (Flint) Foster Closet needs help!
in desperate need of help
Help me get un-stranded after a series of awful events
Help getting home from work
Desperately need medication for infection
Purchase a program to help me make my living
My best friends father is being evicted from his home in NY.
Please take this political survey I created today.
Is life even worth it?
PLEASE help out us with our baby Thomas
Just need $15 to get gas to get me to work until I get paid.
Help me fill out a seven question survey for a class!
Lost everything in a fire
Asking for help in any way that you can possibly give.
Just want some food for tomorrow
[Survey] Quick 2-question survey for math class- intended demographic is students
OFFER: $7 to someone in need!!
RGB Leds Help
[Survey] Quick 2 question math class survey- I need 30 responses by tomorrow so it'd be great to get some help form you guys!
Help this struggling family.
In need of help!!!
Injured at work not approved for workmans comp.
in a hole i can't seem to get out of
I am a disabled veteran on kidney dialysis
[REQUEST] We lost our 6 month old son to a rare bacterial infection
Financial stress has made me suicidal. unsure where to turn.
Trying this again, sexually assaulted at work and fired for it.
[Request] My nephew needs a new backpack
My fiancé moved here from Canada. He lost his wallet with 400.00 in it.
Need 100 dollars, will payback next Wednesday 9/19 with $20 interest.
Looking for help
[Request] Looking for a break here
Cat Surgery
[Request] Looking for a bit of a break here
Partner and I just started new jobs and both get paid Saturday.... just need $20
Please consider sending Christmas cards in September to a 2 year child doctors have given only one month more to live.
THANK YOU!!! u/catlayingonakeyboard
Can anyone help me pay my ~$40 water bill?
Help a brother pay his bills
In need of an Emotional Support Animal to help cope with my Parents' Deaths.
Help a brother and spot him 100
please take a look if you are willing to help
My family's income is not enough to cover my cat's medical expenses. I'm asking for help.
[Req] Would anyone be able to loan me £10GBP for a day or two? I have a tax rebate going into my account in the next three working days and can pay back with interest if needed. Bank and PayPal whichevers easier
Google is a virus now???
Please share my Gofundme campaign for my dad (Katy Tx)
Good day everyone! Just need help on a survey to collect information for a research :)
[Offer] Shoulder to cry on, here to listen
Is there a way to report a moderator?
Can anyone loan $60 until Tuesday 09/18/18? Northern California PayPal & Venmo
I need $20 for dog food.
Broke College Kid in need of buying a textbook
My dog has cancer. He's gotten me through chronic illnesses and I want to help him now.
College finals stress puppies
Stress Puppies for college students.
Please help Roxie to fight through her disease
Really need a way to earn $20.
In need of baby essentials :/
Individual with neurological ailment requesting monetary assistance to move - WA State
Someone with a .edu email help me get a coupon for a product I need?
Single mom needs help
Desperately in need of help for hurricane evacuation.
Really struggling
Please help me avoid NSF fees and get a surprise book in return!
Please listen to this original song I created and uploaded to YouTube last month.
Help for my pup
[request] Leaving domestic violence - need help
Win a $100 Amazon Gift Card
Info Needed to Create Solution to Our Declining Health Pandemic
Please Help this poor to buy a PS4
Electronics Help Needed
Research questions for my interaction design class project.
A friend of mine who is only 15 is currently on his 3rd battle with Cancer. And while he and his family are staying strong, they cannot afford to get the treatment his Doctors say will save his life in America. Please share his story.
Anyone from the UK or Europe willing and able to help me pay my first month of rent and the completion fee, will pay back on the 27th of this month.
[REQUEST] Help someone in need?
Help me surprise my grandma
Bring back tacos to Burger King
Pregnancy Survey
[Repost][Academic] Value of Hair Transplant Survey (18+)
Help Support Tucker High School Band
Please take this survey about politics and music.
Single Mother Needing a White T-SHirt
Going under
Please help 4 year old Michael get a service dog
My power/water is going to get shut off soon
Struggling with health issues and life
Anybody want to help donate to me pursuing my life’s dream of becoming an animator?
Hi guys I'm having a surgery to get rid of my endometriosis. Anything helps. Thanks!
[Share] I need some help on college textbook
[ADVICE] Single mom needs to make it throught til payday
Who here is willing to be interviewed about 9/11?
Second hand items for sale
[Request] Between jobs
Help me purchase prescriptions
[Request]
Help with Gas and groceries
Help w hurricane evacuation [req]
Young adult struggling w/ depression anxiety
Sexually Assaulted at work then fired
You guys came through!
Single dad, car broke down
Please help me. Hurricane Imminent
Urban Area Perceptions Survey
please fill this survey
me and my daughter stranded in north carolina and my daughther is diabetic and is sick we need to get back home i have no money came down with a friend and i cant back home please help
GIRLS & WOMEN ARE NOT FOR SALE !!!
Need [help]! Where can I post this [survey]?
Need a little help with transportation/Rent
Help me get this piece of american history running again
My daughter has a rare disease
WANT TO GO IN THE CHANCE TO WIN A $50 VOUCHER?? (Repost)
Second time posting, in need of help
Thank you all so much.
[deleted by user]
Help for the family of a murdered daughter and her orphaned son.
$100 for gas and groceries
In the Absolutely Most Dire Need Of Assistance! Please help! Hope My prayers get answered.
In Dire Need Of Assistance. Please help men
Autoimmune nightmare.
Borrow $100 For Gas & Food?
need some help
Help? :(
[REQ] ($300) - (#Ankeny, Iowa, USA), ($375 on 11/15/2018), (PayPal)
[deleted by user]
Can any body help this family. The self employed father of two and sole provider has been in a severe accident making it impossible for the family to afford medical bills, and the cost of living.
BICHON FRISE NEEDS KIDNEY SURGERY. We are still trying to raise the funds for loulous kidney surgery any help will be amazing
[REQ] $60.00 until Sept 20th
My mom's friend's brother's uncle's cousin died and i need a pizza to mourn properly
[Repost][Academic] Pain and Obesity (18+)
Paypal over drafted $200, payday in 4 days.
(video included)stranded in LA
I need to borrow $100 until the 22nd for groceries and gas
I need $20 for food, paycheck is gonna be on thursday
Where to find cheep auto glass.
Hey i need some help
I'm in Virginia Beach, VA....desperately seeking any help possible before I lose the few things I've achieved.
Help with rent
My girlfriend got injured in a freak accident and we are struggling to cover her surgery and hospital bills, any help no matter how minimal is greatly appreciated
needing help with my bus ticket
I need help paying for a college class fee
*insert crying cat face* (request)
Took a beer from work, worried boss might have seen me. I’m underage.
[REQUEST] Need a student from Bucknell University help
What can I do to help this young woman?
I’m currently homeless, need one angel.
Food tonight and tomorrow
(Request) A little bit of gas and some essentials
I desperately need another loan Please
[Request] Food for the night
Need $1
Long Distance Girlfriend is Alone and Depressed
Need help to get dog's meds
[Thanks] 2 users who helped me!
[Request] Anyone willing to fill out an anonymous survey for me?
Special Ed Teacher Looking for Donations
[Request] $10 for gas to get to work next week.
Is suicide the best option for me?
[Request] Electricity officially disconnected. Sitting in the dark with my pup
Please help Save our dog
Can't afford an I.D, can't live without one though.
I created a survey today about politics and music. Please take it!
Mom needs help for kinds
Took blow to the head but can't ask for help irl
Need gas money, can pay back within two weeks.
Need to borrow 250 to fix my car...
Need a pushbike to travel to and from new carers job
Requesting a code for Spider-Man PS4.
Princess in distress. Please help me spread the word!
[REQUEST] UKCAT (Aptitude test for Medical Students) revision for a month (bit expensive but sorry). Kaptest (Kaplan)
Bois, need your help
Bois, need your help
[request] $25 to cover gas for next week
[REQ] laptop finally kicked the bucket
$30 to keep me going until Monday or Tuesday. Will repay $30 + $10 as interest
Single Mom - Something For Myself
Correction on my last post (sorry, I'm still a bit new at this) . Thank you to u/sunriselady_44 for the pizza!
Received pizza! Thank you r/sunsetlady_44 ! I would post my pic but no pics allowed here. Thank u thank u!
[request] Need $400 for apartment deposit
My aunt is battling cancer for the third time. She has been a police officer for the last 37 years and has helped so many in our community. Now its our turn to help her!
Mom of 2 needing help
My sister accidentally ran over a dog and is absolutely devastated. What can I say/do to comfort her?
Baby girl is coming 6 weeks early and we just lost our main source of income.
I only need 150$ more to make rent every bit helps!!
Just need a touch of help :-(
[REQUEST] homeless and hungry
Assistance requested with research for telemedicine satisfaction to help vets
Behind on Rent and Electric, Struggling with Life
Need help paying for my meds
[request] 13-year-old boy was viciously assaulted by an adult man. His family is seeking help with recovery costs.
Looking for advice on how to get a car.
[request] 13-year-old boy was viscously adapted by an adult man. His family is seeking help for his recovery.
Funeral cost, please help
[Repost][Academic] Pain and Obesity (18+)
[Request] Could someone help with my medication or toilet paper?
[US] Owe 1,700 by the 16th or face eviction, need options.
Asking for help in getting a powered wheelchair/scooter
Help with some mourning over a ban? I don't know how to call it.
Can someone with good eyes help me read this blurred text?
Desperate need of plane tickets home(+shuttle fare)
Need help with tuition fees and therapy costs
Need help recovering from mental illness
[UK] We have the worst luck. £300 needed.
Doing research for a psychology theory and need people who have been to therapists/counselors/psychologists to help answer a few questions
[REQ] really hungry and could use 7$ if anyone can help out that would be great
[Request] In need of pants/shorts
Help with a loan
I have raised $25 for our cat Max's medical but we're still a way to go and I'll be needing your help...
Need help raising money for a vehicle down payment, otherwise my wife or I will have to drop out of school.
[Request] Please help me fight Multiple Sclerosis until I am granted permanent help
Not enough karma to post on r/borrow, just need short term loan to close on Apartment
[Request] Family if 5 Facing Eviction and losing our car. SO’s job has done everything they can to screw us and make things difficult for us. Just trying to make it through until my SO can go back to work.
Around 200 endangered whales will be hunted in less than a week in Iceland. Please sign this petition to help stop this from happening! Thank you!
Short on a bill
A little dog and his legacy need you Reddit
[Academic] General Health Short Survey (All welcome | ~5 minutes)
The legacy of a little dog and his memory need you
Family in need with autistic son
Going back to school but I don’t have a working computer. Can anybody help me repair the one I do have?
$60 for groceries.
Need to borrow $75!! Will repay this upcoming Thursday!
Desperately need money for rent while job hunting - will provide indeed application history and email correspondence to prove an active hunt for jobs
Just lost my job, due to downsizing within the company.
[REQUEST] Mental Health for Matt
Late Fee Blues
Education: Study Abroad In England
Rent help? Facing eviction.
Can someone help me pay for a Motel 6 room tonight, please! I have an interview tomorrow and would love to be able to shower and get a good night sleep.
Help my family not lose are home
[request] really broke this week, need cheap food
Can anyone help out?-Gofundme
[Academic] Looking for people to interview over Skype/Hangouts for our graduation project
School Robotics Team Looking For Funding....
Please
Help get our sweet doggy from the vets office please?
I started a fundraising for cat Max on Go Get Funding....
I need to make $80 to replace tire of car immediately- any advice would be much appreciated.
Brice and his dog Mack got a lot of love on r/aww, if you want to help Brice fight cancer, here's how
Support the CJD Foundation
[Request] $40 In home caretaker needs help with groceries
[deleted by user]
My little brother passed away on Monday, and the family needs help paying for his funeral expenses.
[Request] $20 to rent a textbook from Amazon
Security deposit and basic necessities.
Individual differences and stress. Need some participants so I can finish my degree, cheers! (18+)
[Repost][Academic] Pain and Obesity (18+)
Help me make my partners birthday amazing | No money required!
broke college student in need of $100 asap!!
Need help paying off my mother's funeral expenses.
Groceries help
Help Requested
This nyc puppy needs a proper home fast
can somebody send me $8 and i will send it back at 8am tomorrow
Hey guys i really need some help so i dont lose my job
Sue Olsen and our sister-sub SantasLittleHelpers has been recognized by CNBC in a national article - Congratulations Sue - You are a superstar!
Asking for help (200) until 9/14
Help for an Autistic Child
I'm a student doing attractiveness research and I need 20,000 data points. Any help would be appreciated, the test is actually pretty fun!
Asking for help ($200) until 9/14 paid back with intrest
[Request] $5 CAN App Store gift card
Need £50 urgently, can pay back with interest in 6 days
Thank you catlayingonakeyboard for helping me and my daughter make it through a few weeks with a little less stress!
[REQUEST] Job leads?
Please help Marti fight Leukemia
[HELP] An Injured Veteran Drowning In Debt
[REQUEST] first post didnt work
My amazing girlfriend has been in a terrible car accident and a family friend of theirs has set up a gofundme.
[Request] TEDx SLC this Saturday - $50
Requesting a few dollars for the gas tank to make it to work until payday.
Good friend paralyzed from neck down after wreck- her family needs help
Hey Assistance! Do you have 2 seconds to like and share a FB page? Thanks in advance!
Tried the loan sub ,nothing need to keep my insurance in force
I really wish a electro-acoustic guitar
Save Zimbabwe's Rhinos
Need help finding a gif
Loan for computer for school
[REQUEST] Help me keep my apt
Desperate for help with Rent?
Recently homeless don’t know what to do
SO left us and I'm not sure what to do next
[Facebook likes] Help my wife and I win a trip. Only need a facebook like!
I need $5 from anyone who would be so kind to assist me!
[OFFER] $3500 to set up and build a custom full stack e-commerce website (mobile friendly). Terms - 50% down payment needed to confirm and start project and another 50% after project completed.
Question about EBT
Need 1000 Rupees (13.95 us dollars) for a dental scaling.
Helping Hand for Harry
i Need a change
What am i doing wrong?
Helping Hand for Harry
broke college student in need of $100 for overdraft fees, help would be amazing !!!!
[REQUEST] help someone start over?
Not trying to get anything for free but I need help
My family is on the verge of homelessness. We could use some generosity.
[REQ] Help with my $90 phone bill
Blogging advice
[OFFER] Personalized assistance with building a resume, Job Hunting, and interviewing skills
I’ve been eating ramen for the past 3 days.
I got kicked out my house this morning with nothing but a backpack and a couple clothes.
Lost my phone Saturday.
Younger brother and sister are hungry, any way to get something cheap, like even one 5 dollar little caesars pizza would do the trick...
Need help with kids' school supplies
[REQUEST] Housing needs to be paid or cats will be left on streets
Want to go in the draw to win a $50 voucher??
Assistance needed applying for jobs in Grand Rapids, Mi! Willing to provide compensation
Disabled. Need Gas and food money after relocation due to infested apartment :(
Request: Help me get my water turned back on?
can someone put this song I found into shazam so I can find the original song 🙌
Please help support my partner continue her college degree. Anything is immensely helpful!
Trying to pull myself out of a downward spiral, any assistance would be greatly appreciated.
Need help
In desperate need of a bed/couch in San Diego
Need immediate help with rent
[Request] looking to borrow 250 for emergency funds. Both kids are low on diapers/formula, ive been in quite a bind waiting on the government to pay me child tax. Its apparently coming on the 20th so i would pay back 285 on the 20th to whomever can help. Paypal, e transfer, etc. Thanks !
[Repost][Academic] Pain and Obesity (18+)
[REQUEST] I was unable to pay my phone bill ($62) this month. It is my Only Source of communication w/ my daughters,their school,Drs, etc.. I'm a disabled single mom on social security in desperate need of help.
Any assistance on work?
I need $20.92 to move into my apartment, I’m currently homeless
I need motivation/courage to fix my family’s circumstances but anxiety is paralyzing me.
[REQUEST] Sunk every last penny into our house this summer repairing plumbing, floors, walls, electrical and more. Out of work for the next 4 weeks and desperate for some assistance with my wonderful cat who shouldn't have to suffer because of me! Need cat food and litter. :(
Was hoping to borrow 200$ till end of October.. will pay back 350$. Posted on borrow but as I haven’t borrowed before so not likely to get any help.
Car was stolen, could use a little help.
[REQUEST] $275 to help with moving in to a new apartment. Payback $300 on 09/14
I created this survey last week. Today is the last day that I will be accepting answers. Please take it if you haven't already! I will reveal the results tomorrow.
Who can give me honest advice via PM ?
Trying to help my family recover from funeral expenses.
[Survey] A Survey about Intentionally Misleading Information on the Internet (100 responses needed)
Starting work tomorrow with no money
Help.please!!!
An Interesting Title
Having a difficult time supporting my younger siblings at age 18 due to illness- any advice would be great. It's getting dire.
Me an my mother are starving until the 5th
Degree student in need of respondents
Need gas money at least $50 I have to make it to my moms. We wound up in a emergency we believe a mouse chewed thru a wire and I have no power in my side of the house. I have a service dog and am disabled.
Please help!!!!!
[Request] In need of pants/shorts
[Request] $50 for groceries and gas until my paycheck on Saturday
In need of cash assistance- moving for a job
My birthday is Friday I just want some cards to cheer me up!
hello,I need assistance to pay for my fees
In-app purchases survey (US residents only please)
Please save me from Homelessness!
Questionnaire for my final year project.
[Request] Mt. Laurel NJ - pickup at government auction, drop off at UPS Store 7 minutes away.
[Request] I need $175 to make ends meet
Any tools or objects used in photography
[REQUEST] Im short on rent.
Help me get away from my abusive husband
Need about $280 in about 5 hours or delayed graduation
Everyone Help this Redditor pay for school books
Free clothes, women’s clothing and kids
Need money for bus pass for school
Giving away an iPad mini 3 with a cracked screen (LA)
[REQUEST] trans girl, need your help to get laser hair removal
[Request] Need help with the rest of my rent
[Request] a gift gone horribly wrong
[REQUEST] $40 for cat food and small groceries
Air purifier for my grandma who has pulmonary heart disease and coughs up blood [Sacramento, CA area]
[Request] I need $100 until Thursday (Sept. 6th)
Upvote for upvote!
Can I borrow $50+ to get me through til payday?
I need to borrow money until Thursday.
REQUEST- I humbly need help with my bills in order to save for some multiple sclerosis therapies. Any donation or share would be truly appreciated in this urgent time of need.
Financial help
I need to get to South Carolina!! Father passed yesterday!!
Need help finding a website that can provide me with a certain kind of pictures
Help my friend fight MS!
18 yr old avoiding homelessness need $100
A big thank you!
[Request] Please help me with a gift for my grandfather.
Stupid question but does this make grammatical sense?
My room is so FUCKING HOT all the time!
Have £0.20 in my bank account, need £10 for an Uber to a pawn shop
Homeless, need to get across tyre countmry to be with family.
Project V.2
Project
Just looking for karma.
[Request] A nice wig
[REQUEST] Three days left! Please help me win a free wedding! <3
Help paying for a new car my abusive ex destroyed.
Gas Money
I crashed my cousuns car help
PhD student struggling with data collection (Online survey) - Cannabis Users/Past Users/Non-Users
New to reddit, help?
Help with rent
Phone Case Survey. Please take this survey it's for a class project and you could win a gift card! Takes less than 5mins.
Tetty the Shihtzu needs your help Internet :(
Ready to get back on my feet, looking for donations for a leg up.
There was this askreddit thread about What you and your partner needed to talk about before marriage and I closed the tab and cant find it again
Due to generous help I received yesterday I was able to spend my last 10 on two little girls...
I dont know what to do.
My cat is sick in a foreign country. Is it serious?
Help my service dog retire
Clothes for kids
Anyone needs any help with web development for free ?
Going to be evicted on Tuesday.
I created this survey last week. Please take it! I will be accepting results until Wednesday, and then I will calculate the final results.
PLEASE HELP!
Recently diagnosed with scoliosis, need help getting a spinal brace.
[REQUEST] teaching equipment for advocacy
Emergency spinal surgery has left me in a predicament.
[REQUEST] Can somebody in Northern Ireland help me out?
Lost my job, lost a roommate, other roommate isn't working, family can't help, and I haven't seen my son in weeks. Need guidence.
[Request] Tech N9NE Houston for my husband
[REQUEST] Looking for help for a friend who got scammed
I'm throwing this out here... I want my MIL to see her son (my husband brother) play at an away football game his senior year, in Alaska. I only have enough airline miles to fly her back. Can anyone help.
Local families main provider died. Needs some assistance to keep the house and electric on.
Help with Rent please
Car Trim Levels and body work
How do I retrieve a necklace that fell down the bathroom sink drain without disassembling the sink?
Looking for living kidney donor. Blood type O
Rental assistance
Student Loan Help
[Survey] (for Australians only) Focusing on Foreign Aid and Australian Farmers
NSFW 35 M Dallas TX - need 2 or 3 girls to degrade
When it rains (car broke down), it pours (cat needs specialist) ... Please help! [REQUEST]
My close relative is going to prison for potentially 5-10 years for something he's not completely involved in, how do I support my family?
Need PDF of an article
My dog's vet bills
Please Help me out- M-22 Injury
My friend is hungry
Need help asap
Rent assistance
Fathers Condition worsening and I Need to get to South Carolina ASAP!!!
Please help poor family watch All In tonight
Hungry
Help, I need food
(46421)$400 - Husband was mugged, rent money was stolen
I created this political survey earlier this week. If you haven't taken it yet, please do!
Russell Peters Mexican Bit
Hurt my sciatica, my insurance is in limbo
[Request] I could greatly use assistance in the cost of moving.
Need someone to proof read a small section of an essay (<800) super desperate
I need help growing an Unorthodox Income/Mentorship
Please help share my GoFundMe
[Request] does anyone know of any copyright free chill music?
Need a Ride to ER (Medication Reaction)
Looking for Cymbalta
Re-posting my post of few days, get some help but still in need of $40 -- I haven't luck on r/borrow so I m asking there> I m willing to borrow $40 (or even less) to face some late payment issue> I m willing to discuss interest and provide some innovative collateral. Thanks for your support
Hi
I am going to be homeless in 4 days. Any advice would be greatly appreciated.
Tomorrow is my Birthday and I have to move my stuff into storage
[Request] "Shares" on social media for our pet's gofundme page
Minimal request, large impact
[REQUEST] single Mom needs help with rent
Not really sure what to do in this situation
[request] Resume review
Good day Redditors! Need to get a minimum of 50 respondents for final year project survey within 2 days. Please spare a few minutes if possible.
Major emergency - Please help me get home to my kids!
GPU
I want money for some snacks and shit
Homeless and pregnant
I need someone to help with $41.70
[Request] Anyone have any used art supplies?
Need Help Paying for APAP For Sleep Apnea
Start Nursing School Next Month, Need Help With A Few Supplies
Need help raising money for a charity. (Suicide Prevention)
Unemployed College Graduate
I created this political survey a couple days ago. Please take it!
Help me Save Chloe
In need of help with $
Need 50€ so I can start a proper kickstarter for my project.
Need an Xifinity login for about a month for WiFi
Father had a heart attack and I'm stuck in Texas!!
50 $ to help me get a new phone
Help! My beloved dog has been diagnosed with cancer, now she needs all the help she can get to pay for surgery.
Need emergency financial assistance
$41.70 to prevent water from being cut off, what should I do?
Cat Food
PLEASE HELP ME REBUILD MY PHOTOGRAPHY CAREER AFTER ROBBERY!
FTP from Philadelphia, PA asking for a loan of $250 to be repaid 9/21/18 by any method that's best for you
Service dog in need of help raising funds for legal fees
Help needed!!!!
Need to get around 50 responses for a high-school class survey on violence in film. Please spare 2 minutes if you can
Foreign exchange students
[deleted by user]
[Request] Help this broke student make rent on her birthday
Trying this again, separately need a few bucks
Father in hospital due to heart attack!!!
[Education]help pay an aspiring chef's school balance so he can jumpstart culinary school
[REQUEST] Recently Diagnosed BiPolar Partner Left Baby and I Suddenly
small amount of money for travel card to get to university
My birthday wish for my grandmother
A birthday wish for my grandmother
Down on my luck. Anything will help.
If you live near or in LA and have lyft please read
[REQ] I am sick with stress and reaching out for some temporary/short-term relief {Northern California}
Nervous introvert seeking public speaking opportunity
You can’t afford dinner? Your family needs groceries that one last week of the month? That’s for you.
[Survey] Survey for gamer values and collecting practices
My family has come into a really rough spot, and assistance with food/household items would be so appreciated.
[Request] about to lose my car, only way of making money to pay for car (and rent, and food....)
Assistance for refugee family just arrived in Sydney, Australia and had premature twins
Help end the spread of viral infections
Help
[REQUEST] Please vote for me.
It’s been a bad year. 1 Brother died, my 16 year old niece has cancer and now my brother wade.
Would anyone be willing to order my son and I a pizza or something
I created this political survey yesterday. Please take it!
[REQUEST] On Aug. 24 my father was attacked which left him with burns on his torso. Authorities are investigating if it was a hate crime. He has seen two doctors and will be seeing a burn specialist. Please consider donating to help our family of six out!
Possible gas and food money to help me keep my new job til pay day.
Household appliances, food and cards of well wishes for young girl who lost her baby son
Working on purchasing first home
[request] any house hold items, food or cards of well wishes for young girl who’s lost her son
School clothes
Kitty Hospice in Florida Needs Help with Food Bills
Thank You! What's in the BOX!?
Got the wrong card for PayPal 🤦🏼‍♀️
Amazon Banned My Address?
[Thanks] OMG
Electric bill!
Graphic artist needs a job before mid September.
[REQ]($100)(Richmond, VA, USA)(Repay $125, October 9, 2018)(Paypal,CashApp)
My dog just consumed poison, what can I do?
I am in need of school items and I would really appreciate any help
I’m so grateful!
questionnary about the different visions of science.
Groceries
Moving to UK - Shipping Boxes Question
Old optical equipment
Thank you for paying the rest of my bill and letting this momma stress less!
In between jobs need help with a phone card
What do I do?
Car impounded & got Court in 3hrs(9am). Could anyone pls help w/Uber or Lyft credits?!
I need help phone bill. ☹️
Court at 9am & car got towed last night (3hrs left). Lyft/Uber/Carpool needed :(
Desperately need $170 for rent by Saturday
Please help me get my parents a home
Please help a loving wife become a mommy.
Looking for help acquiring STEM materials for my K/1 students!
Two long years and now I need some help...
I haven't luck on r/borrow so I m asking there> I m willing to borrow $220 (or even less) to face some late payment issue> I m willing to discuss interest and provide some innovative collateral. Thanks for your support
Anyone know what game I am thinking of?
In danger of being homeless , rent help
Insulin is 600$ a month for my sister.
Single mom needing school supplies
Hi. I'm not sure what to do, and I'm hoping for some kind of miracle or something. Advice is also appreciated!!
[Request] My girlfriend of 3 years, dog, cat and i need a place in Denver - living out of the car / paying 100-180 a night for hotel / camping when we have to isnt condusive to our lives or careers - more inside
[thank you]
I need your help to buy a new laptop. My life depends on it..
My son was the victim of bullying by a child 2.5 times his age. Badly broken arm that may need surgery. We will need a lawyer.
Single mother of 4
[Offer] $25 Shutterfly code
Help an educator
Help with household needs for a family of 3
[REQUEST] rent is due tomorrow, will have about 30$ until next Thursday- looking for a decent meal like pizza!
This sub keeps me motivated.
Thank you kind stranger
[REQUEST] Need college textbook
[Request] Need help with rent to keep my kids and I from being evicted
Need money for propane and food
Electric shut off.
[REQUEST] There was an added component to my ability to win an expense-free wedding! Please read<3 (two second quick to vote!)
Friend involved in severe climbing accident in Guatemala.
[REQUEST] i need 40$ for my electric bill
Full send
Requesting $100 for phone bill, gas money and pet stuff
Roof just caved in and.. I dont know what to do.
[request] 16 year old dog needs a vote! we will be donating all prizes! Please read.
Need help with rent
In a bind, need to borrow $35
Looking for help acquiring STEM materials for my K/1 students!
Can you take this survey I made today?
I'm an NHS worker and I'm going to get fired for no reason at all (UK)
[Academic] 2018 American Political Survey (Worldwide - All Welcome)
Please donate some cash to buy a laptop
A long shot but, working on a new personal project created to help people with life ailments/problems who seek solution to change for better.
Advice: going back to school with no bra or clothing..
Branding Survey
Help a Peace Corps Food Security Volunteer Introduce a New Permaculture-Friendly Mushroom Variety to Nepal!
Share this GoFundMe campaign and help this lady and her family get the AID they need, THANK YOU!
Gift ideas for Cousins 30th Anniversary party?
An old phone for my mom to help her cope with my brother's death
I would like a new TV
Help Get Supplies
Help
Help Me get Supplies
[Request] I cannot afford my college textbooks after my mother decided to "borrow" money I can draw you a picture in exchange for my books
Looking for advice on cheap clothing and bras
Any help to get some groceries for my kids would be much appreciated!
While moving into my first home I had my car broken into and a number of possessions stolen. None of my insurance is willing to cover it. I’m looking for any help I can get to replace things.
Need help with bras and possibly clothing
Young mother suffering from PPD, attempted suicide a month ago, hospital released her next day without a psych evaluation- scheduled it for 9/5... last night she succeeded in her attempt. No life insurance, babies without their mother, including the 3 year old who found her.
please donate just 1$ for me
Sexual assault victim seeking someone’s words. Advice?
Please donate 1$ for me, just 1$
[Request] Emergency food for a young family
My Family Is Desperate
UTAH: MISSING DOG $300 REWARD Midvale/Sandy/Draper/Riverton
[REQUEST] Just need $15- 20 for food. Student can repay!
[REQ] all available resources diverted to avoid becoming homeless. Currently out of food and more importantly, cannot afford co-pay for my daughters medication.
Need help:an Adult Runaway as Missing
Homeless in Rural Oklahoma
Help me start an affordable and organic soap line!
[Academic] How does your diet relate to your general health? (20-24 yrs, living in Australia)
Embarrassed and Anxious
[Request] I really need some help making rent this month. $300
Nervous and embarrassed
Consider helping my Food Security Sector Peace Corps Volunteer Friend Introduce New Permaculture-Friendly Mushrooms to Nepal!
Urgent Request! Car just broke down and I start a new job in 2 days!
In need of more help than I could ever ask for.
Bad news...and perhaps good news....
Need an instrumental only version of a christian song
i will help you with online math class mymathlab, mathxl,webassign etc
I messed up and need some help if you can.
RENT
spent all my money building a pc for school and such that does not work
Many thanks
While moving into my first home I had my car broken into and a number of possessions stolen. None of my insurance is willing to cover it. I’m looking for any help I can get to replace things.
(Request) In need of loan. Widowed mother with family emergency. ($200 will repay September 26th PayPal)
[Request] $1000.00 dollars to help me move.
Please help my friend reach his GOFUNDME goal for his documentary.
Need help with housemates bail, it feels like extortion
[Offer] Hello Fresh Wine Codes
My daughter is in dance
Please Help A Child find Happiness
[REQUEST] Pregnant friend hit by a drunk driver - had to deliver baby 5 weeks early. Her husband is in the ICU with many complications. Both parents now out of work with a preemie baby girl. Donations, prayers, get well cards, anything will help.
I need some advice/help
Need money in between jobs and just life
Just a little short on rent
[OFFER] Need a short song or Jingle? Competitive rates!
T-paper sale
Help! I need fundraising ideas
A little help needed
One of our pets needs surgery we cant afford alone.
I’m a prisoner in my own home
College student needs $200 to cover rent
[Request] Need help paying my rent
Help My Classroom Use All of This Awesome Tech (DonorsChoose)
Someone who would sell a DSLR Camera to me for a good price?
[Request] Don't get paid till friday and have no food
[OFFER] $50 American Airlines Voucher
Recovery after major stroke
Please Dont Let My Baby Die
Advion cockroach bait gel
Just need $3
So I'm about to hit bankruptcy, and the stress is killing me
[deleted by user]
EDUCATION - please help me graduate this year
Gas money assistance.
Looking for a saint
Phone service suspended. Work using an app. $50 short of reactivating phone so that I can begin earning again.
Unsure of where to find help
At home career advice....the sooner, the better.
Honestly, just looking to get high.
Completely broke, finally started job last week, but won't get paid for 2 more weeks. Any grocery money would be amazing.
Anyone have a spare smartphone lying around they could gift me?
Banned from site for 1 month and I need help getting unbanned.
Open a shop to help others be creative and productive.
[Request] Just a little short on cash. Venmo me $10 and I'll pay you back Friday?
To help assist everyone on this sub I made a guide of how I make a few bucks every month using beermoney methods. This won't solve all your problems but an additional 20-50$a month can sure help
Advice on moving or getting a truck.
How to make $10 for a few meals?
Car crash funds
$10 for a few meals?
Car crash funds
help. im out of options.
To help assist everyone on this sub I made a guide of how I make a few bucks every month using beermoney methods. This won't solve all your problems but an additional 20-50$a month can sure help.
help create worlds first arc-cell
My birthday is in 3 days and the only thing I want is to be able to pay rent
(REQUEST) Struggling to stay above water
Cat Needs Blood Transfusion
My car was repossessed.
[REQUEST] Need help due to losing job.
[Request] $100 To help out, willing to pay back
I request assistance to pay college for this month
Positive Psychology
I somehow need to get gas for my car and diapers for my son to hold us over until Thursday
Athena’s fight
College is a rough one (Help)
[REQUEST] Need $188 for partial payment of a doctor's visit, a necessary prescription, and to pay for a ride -- can pay back (Georgia)
Help me figure out how to finish my final year of law school by successfully appealing my declined student loan... (kinda long sorry)
Please help out. Spare 15 euro cents to my PayPal ;(
[REQUEST] In debt, need help after losing job
My Dog has Breast Cancer
Please read
Just looking for a helping hand..
Disabled and need organizing and cleaning help.
[ Request] Groceries till the 1st
Help me do what I love
FINANCIALLY HELP NEEDED
I am working on a project to spread awareness of mental illness and let people know they are not alone! If you would like to share your story pm or email me!
[REQUEST} 29 Year Old Sister is struggling financially, drowning in medical debts after suddenly being paralyzed.
[REQUEST} 29 Year Old Sister is struggling financially, drowning in medical debts after suddenly being paralyzed.
[REQUEST} 29 Year Old Sister is struggling financially, drowning in medical debts after suddenly being paralyzed.
Please Help, Single Mom in Need of Diapers
I was falsely accused of online harassment (Advice)
I need some help...
Need help with getting to work, phone and url
[OFFER] I have $500 to spend online! Want to help 5 people!
£5000 of debt. Help me sort it out?
Help a fellow human get life saving surgery
Book gathering problem
Please help me cremate my dying husband - GoFundMe trying to raise $2000
Cat needs expensive medical work
Desperately need help. I’ll be grateful for any help given or advice! I am requesting a small loan of £140. I am stuck and I seriously have no idea about what else I can do! :(
[GoFundMe] Disabled parents AC broke.
I need help until I get my first paycheck.
In need of help with rent (AU)
[REQUEST] Need emergency assistance for doctor's visit & medication
To help assist everyone here a bit I made up a guide to how I generate a couple of bucks a month using r/beermoney methods. How I get easy money with minimal effort daily guide.
My one year old sweet cat needed emergency surgery, need any help paying the bill [request]
Since I'm Below Karma, I'm Just Looking For Advice
[Request] Need help paying my rent
Volunteering Abroad - Travel Expensises
[REQUEST] Need emergency assistance for doctor's visit & medication
SOS single mom needs help
The projector in my elementary classroom broke! Please help us fund a new one.
Ive been out work due to an accident and cannot pay my cellphone bill
Need to borrow £50 until 11th September
Single mom (25F) in need of assistance of a mini loan ( will pay everyone back ) anything would be helpful truly . Please take a moment to read and see if you can help .
Single mom lost her job, & losing her place , in need of some assistance/ a mini loan ( I will pay you back I promise )
Need to borrow £50 until 11th July - Overdraft charge
Help my friend out!
Help with Computer
Raising funds for a small adoption centre
Quick Survey About Anxiety/Sweating
Help me find a new hobby!
Wee need a miracle...literally...
$50 for my car insurance.
I have had bronchitis for 6 weeks. Advice for nighttime coughing fits?
[Request] SO and I facing homelessness tomorrow morning.
Was banned for one month from a site and I need advice for seeking appeal
[REQUEST] My friend Kat recently adopted a Rabbit that has a broken spine and pelvis, any amount donated truly helps her. Even if you can't donate please take a minute to share!
[REQUEST] My friend Kat recently adopted a Rabbit that has a broken spine and pelvis, any amount donated truly helps her. Even if you can't donate please take a minute to share!
My family has come into a really rough spot, and assistance with food/household items would be so appreciated.
THANK YOU - Thanks to your donations my wife's DonorsChoose classroom project got fulfilled within two days!
Needing help with my internet bill if anyone knows any resources I can use.
Please help me, I'm in an awful situation!
Need help getting 999 karma points for r/borrow
Need a some help for basic groceries and Subway tickets, just enough to end the month. Will pay back everything.
Remaining Dental Work (Go Fund Me)
I know it’s begging but i can assure you I’m genuine, if anybody could share this or send a small donation it would be a big help I’m really struggling
This 1 year-old chubby cat was abandoned by her owners for two days in the cold after a hit-and-run. We can fix her. We have the technology. We need your help!
Dog is dying. $51 weed money request
Could use some help with groceries
Embarrassed
Single mom just trying to make it through college and get back on her feet.
I just want a nickel board so I can cruise around freely.
[REQ] (Phila,Pa, USA) ($200) (Cash App)
Son back in emergency room
Looking for help towards my sons 6th birthday in 2 weeks time!
Anyone with a best buy tv coupon?
Help with Computer
Need help to pay rent
[REQUEST] Visa fee assistance
I’m posting this for someone who is going through a rough time.. (she doesn’t know I’m doing this..) She lost her job because she was getting sexually harassed and her dog is really sick. He needs medicine and special food. And it’s expensive. She’s a good soul and can use a little boost right now.
Please help me [25F] by voting in this contest to win my dream wedding. (one click and done)
Help with Dental bill.
Please help me [25F] by voting in this contest to win my dream wedding. (one click and done)
My mom is dying and I'm in need of funeral funds
Requesting $25 for food, meds and interview for the week.
Looking for ideas for a tech company name...
Help to save home
Need help to raise money, victim of the biggest flood in the century - Kerala flood
I would really appreciate some help
Food assistance needed please
EliteScoreWriters
I'm trying to make amends with two digital artists. How should I approach this?
21 yo trans guy, homeless and pregnant in cali. Need help.
I’m posting this for someone who is going through a rough time.. (she doesn’t know I’m doing this..) She lost her job because she was getting sexually harassed and her dog is really sick. He needs medicine and special food. And it’s expensive. She’s a good soul and can use a little boost right now
Soul kitty is dying, can't afford the vet care he desperately needs.
Need a phone number to receive a code via text
Please help me pay my fine and keep my freedom
[REQUEST] Lost at the moment and not sure what to do
Please help me not get a warrant for my arrest
A simple share of my Kickstarter campaign would mean a lot to me. I also welcome any and all suggestions on where I can share my project. [Orange County, California]
Help With Gas to Hospital
I [24F] am supposed to move tomorrow and due to an emergency and a stay in the hospital I now have $24 to my name. I also got ghosted by a guy I’ve been talking to for a month, and I don’t know where I’m going to live because my lease ends this weekend.
Please save me from getting a warrant for my arrest
[REQUEST] $5 FOR CAT LITTER
$80 for rest of rent?
Help me raise money for the AHA Heart Walk!
Medical
Karma for r/borrow or $40
My 27 year old sister with 2 young daughters is battling stage IV endometrial cancer and needs help. I have started a go-fund-me and am asking for donations for her.
Struggling Artist/Student
This student cannot finish her education, and no one is helping out...
We are a new non profit looking for help
Going to college, stressed about textbook costs.
[Request] Mom in Need of Help Paying Electric Bill
My sister, wife and mother of 4 boys, one income, severe RA since 7 years old. Just had medical emergency.
Need 100$ to repay last part of loan today just got new job
[REQUEST] URGENT. Please help me save my cat
Help
Please help, in real need of assistance.
£10 for nappies and milk - UK
Willing To Exchange 128 $ ASOS Gift Card For 80 $ In Amazon, Itunes Or Paypal Or Crypto Coins
Recovering & on FMLA - losing 40% of my pay and desperate for help with bills
University Tuition
Waiting on a liver transplant
Cybersecurity help with Windows 7
I need help, I don't know what to do.
Type 1 diabetic on the brink of death
Help 3 year old Jonah fight leukemia!
Can someone from the UK top off my SIM card? I’ll Venmo/Paypal/whatever immediately.
Black Tactical boots Size 10 US
Help Nova help other Puppos
Please Help My Family
Please help my family
Design my YouTube Channel logo (or help me find a subreddit that can)
[Thanks] From my little ones!
[Request][Advice] Animal shelter needs help.
[GoFundMe] Cat developed asthma, need help paying for meds
Struggling after blood transfusions. Need help with food.
Need help with expenses during OTJ training
Best place for an overnight loan?
I need help finding a YouTube channel name.
STRANDED Last Resort before trying an online payday loan. Need $50 will pay back $80 on 8/31 by PayPal.
Needing some help with getting a shitty fucking Pokemon tattoo
[REQ] IN NEED OF A QUICK $35-$40 WILL PAY BACK SOON!
Help! Just need the last bit of rent! Less than a week.
Twins Baby Registry
[Finding Work in Portland, Oregon] AmeriCorps VISTA and Teach for America Alum with Experience Managing a Statewide Community Engagement Program. I also hold a four-year English degree.
Need $250 to get through to next Tuesday, can repay 300 then
Cosmetic Surgery
Looking to borrow $50 for gas and food (GTA, Ontario, Canada)
Could anyone donate even a little to raise $100 for grandmother's medication?
I have MS and need help replacing my windshield
I've hit rock bottom and I am ashamed to ask for help, but I really need it.
NEED HELP WITH MY TUITION
£20 or so for groceries and petrol until next week. UK
Help for daycare for the rest of the month
Need help for one week. SALEM, OR
Thanks again for the help!
Desperately Need Help To Finally Complete a LONG Undergrad Journey.
I need 0.1 cent
Assistance After Horrible Accident
Unemployment ran out, and still not able to find work, what do?
Advice and or help with dog surgery
Parents of Preschoolers, please complete survey for assignment due tomorrow! Takes 2 minutes
36 y/o(male) Art School Dropout Seeking Help(Job) To escape California
My mom was a hardworking geriatric nurse for 30 years and just had a sudden disabling stroke that has ruined her life. Please help my Ma.
Need help preventing homelessness
Please Help
My Mom was a hardworking geriatric nurse for 30 years, but just had a sudden disabling stroke that has completely ruined her life
I would really appreciate it if you take this survey. Takes only 2 min. Would help me a lot
Need help getting electricity back on. ASAP
A giving man, Himself in need of help
Help needed
Need $1.15 Paypal to buy bread for dinner
[Request] Food for starving artist
[Advice] Stuck with my shitty roommate. Need advice
Need help...phone getting shut off tonight.
I start a job on friday, need help getting for food and laundry money just till then.
Save me by solving this challenge: come up with an appealing combination that I haven't thought of yet with limited ingredients
[offer] would anyone use a free haircut from Walmart?
Help Me Fight Cancer Financially....I'm A Survivor and It feel GOOD
Need donations for a charity cycle
I don't have leftover money to eat for about two weeks
Just need a few dollars to last until payday
Help my friend out with her PhD Dissertation by taking a <10 min survey (and maybe win some money!) please!
A penny or two for my daughter’s funrun.
[Request] I hate asking this, but can anybody spare an old laptop they don't use?
[REQUEST] Help for my father in his potentially deadly housing situation. We're desperate.
Recovery.
Hey guys. Do you guys know of any way a 16 year old can make money online?
Help put a tribute to my best friend in his favorite game
Feeling desperate and need some help UK
Please join this discord server to help me get a referral bonus.
[Request] My Great Grandmother has passed away. My mother feels horrible.
Help after Brother's death - Go Fund Me Campaign
Need help with diapers/wipes
In need of Money to build a cheap PC for School
Deaf Man seeking asylum and needing financial assistances
I truly need help
Short survey for my statistics class
How to get rid of my car with high interest that I’m very upside down in.
Do I blow the only $1200 I have on something stupid?
Facebook purged my deactivated account?
Had some personal property lost or stolen from me... Any amount to help replace it?
Water bill
[Offer] Shoulder to cry on, here to listen
Please help me stay in school!
[Academic] Survey participants needed! (Mobile phone use, personality & anxiety, 18+) https://vuau.qualtrics.com/jfe/form/SV_0Nj6YugxQXxLhQx
[Request] Need advice on car payments
Utilities are going to be disconnected
Medication and Open heart surgery
Help with vet bills ?
House burned down July 20th 2018
House Caught Fire Total Loss
Need assistance for a 3 question survey about Battle Royale games
An online software development school that pays you to go there. Must be serious, probably have a bit of aptitude too.
My House burned Total Loss ju
Start up clothes
(Request) emergency Housing
Lost my job, running out of savings, and I kind of need a hug.
Where can I post my survey for gamers to take it?
First time posting here, but I figured it was worth a shot. Husband is out of work due to herniated discs..which means we also have no insurance at the moment. Desperately needing $25 to fill my necessary medications.
Any Texas residents out there, and wanna get me a free bumper sticker?
Posting here per other Redditors advice. Thanks for reading!!!
Hi! We need your help choosing a charity name
Posting here per other Redditors advice. Thanks for reading!
Please help me with my dream job and my family’s only source of income
[Request] Surgery for pet cat's dislocated paw (GoFundMe)
Can someone please lend me £60 for 3 weeks?
[REQUEST] Financial help to vaccinate a kitten I found
I feel like a beggar...
Desperately need (MALES) assistance filling out survey for my master's thesis!
A friend was cheated by a car dealer and he needs some money for car carrier
Deactivated facebook 4 months ago, tried logging in today, says my email and number is not associated with any account, account deleted?
[REQ] Food, gas and a hotel/AirBNB AND room(for 2-3 night stay) (Orlando, FL, USA) [OFFER] Freelance services plus other options.
The Calculus 7 Leithold + Solutions Manual
(REQUEST) Amount: $7 [READ BELOW]
[REQUEST] downloaded cash app, need to send $5 to get $5 and I don’t have $5
Working starving Homeless
Need help for gas money and some food to get us by.
Need about 20 dollars for gas,I just had to blow all my gas for the week,driving to help my stepson
Gearing up for the American Girl Doll giveaway 2018
$20 for food and gas; unexpected drop in work hours screwed me.
Please help my sister in her and her children's time of need
Request I would need a Microsoft suite liscence to work offline.
[request] Need help paying for a background check.
Free clicks to donate to animal shelters in France
[Request] A friend of mine needs a kidney and has been looking for years
[Request] [US, RI] Bus fare needed for doctor appointments. Details in post.
Prayer
(Request) Need gas money asap
Selling photo prints to help my family through a rough patch
[Request] Still need $250 in Ontario, Canada
[Request][San Francisco]Hungry and looking to get some food for the next few days
My Dog has Crippling Anxiety and We Could Use Your Help
(Advise) Need help in finding a program to help pay for a court ordered home study in Idaho
!People of Reddit, I need your help!
signal boost please donate if u can if not share
Coming to terms that I was used as a debt mule.
Need help hitting a goal. I'm listening to a load of self improvement audiobooks and making videos to summarise the best lessons. I've listened to 40+ audiobooks so far and hope that you can get some value from watching my videos.
Stuck in DC, I just wanna get home
HELP AN INTERNATIONAL STUDENT WITH SCHOOL TUITION/ HOMESTAY FEES
[REQUEST] Need to borrow some money until tomorrow for my Mother's Birthday!
Power
Help starving people in Kenya's village
I need some help.. but it can benefit everyone!
Travel enthusiasts, I kindly need help with a 1 question survey
Help Save This Good Little Pupper's Life!
Mental health essay feedback asap!
I really need help attending my military college brother's wedding
[ADVICE] I left an abusive situation recently. I have no idea what to do in a place im not from in West Virginia. Any advice or words of encouragement would be a blessing.
Possibly offering a room and a job, Microsoft possible if experienced in IT
need assistance for a new wheelchair to help me go back to school
Help with rent
Need help with getting around money! Gas, food, etc... I can pay the loan back! Asking for $90!
Just a couple bucks for gas
.
Memorial Fund for my Brother-in-law
I'm two car payments behind, about to be three, and rent is due soon. Where can I go for help?
Help me succeed in opening a pharmacy
A New Job, A New Life
Please help me my dog is sick from the new dog food and I can’t afford new one until Friday!
[Request] $ for rent so i can escape a bad relationship
Gas
Need help paying for glasses
Need help with car repair/ bills.
Help covering vet visit
Help Grandmother and Grandkids
Mis-budgeted and need $1.75 PayPal for bus ASAP, can pay back this afternoon
[Request] help to get a room tonight. Women's shelter is full.
Need karma for r/borrow
I need 1 euro cent on my paypal
Dissertation survey about the link between recreational and financial risk-taking (please help!)
Please help with my MSc study- 'What impact has an auditory input in advert recalling?' (over 18s)
[Request] an old 3ds xl. Please read USA,NC
[Request] Desperately need a laptop for school
Need Assistance with a short survey about cleaning difficulties on the road.
Need help paying for plane ticket
Homeless, starving, and hopeless...with my two cats
Please Help my puppy Leo get vaccinated and seen by a vet
Need Help with my Electric Bill
Broke my ankle- A desperate request :[
Resume assistance
My car broke down and I don't have the money to fix it
[request] $20 to help with bus fare for next week
Looking for help fund and surprise my wife's DonorsChoose classroom wish for her students
Assistance with my essay
[request] Could anyone help with gas money so I can make it to work?
Dental Bill help
Help with my dog's vet bills
To those looking to earn PSN,Xbox, or Steam gift cards check out this site!
Please help feed the Shelter Animals.
Please help me stay in school. I’m running out of time to cover my tuition and I’m desperate.
Volunteer survey for research at Harvard: how would you split up $100?
[Request] Need Help with $35 Mobile Phone Payment
Please help me stay afloat.
[Request] Weird request but can anybody spare 50 cents?
Have a year or two left. Have a 4 yo and looking help
The medical bills from a hospital stay that saved my dad's life are ruining it.
Need animators to help with my university course project!
[request] short few bucks,can someone help me place this order? Thank you in advance
Can You Guys Help Me Pick out My Next Piece?
[REQUEST] My wife is going in for Trigeminal Neuralgia (brain) surgery. Need help with costs of recovery time away from work.
Trying to make a life for myself
Trying to start a life for myself
I'm trying to get healthier, any advice?
One of my closest friends is dying and I'm going to see her, but airlines are expensive. Western PA
[Repost]Help a young soon to be mother
Teen Mom in a really poor financial situation, need phone service
One of my closest friends is almost dead and I’m going to see her, but airlines are expensive. Western PA
Help paying $365.00 electric bill ! Will pay back
Need Loan $1000 pay back $1400 by october. Can sign agreement/contract or give collateral
Help publish the video in /r/videos/
Temporary Homeless, asking for help with hotel stay and replacing broken phone
mental health Essay section feedback and proof read
Can anyone order me food I will pay back on Monday when my cheque
No Gas to get to work.
Someone please help us
Please help my (surrogate) momma..
My dog has entropion, hip displasia, & spondylosis; requires surgery
Behind on my bills please help!
Mature cats need emergency surgery
Wycked angel
Donate money for my dogs surgery
Please help my friend's cat
help ple
help ple
Need $40
Hi Reddit, My Daughter Has Brain Cancer - Kentucky
I need 45$
11.00 US
Girlfriend CANNOT get access to her documents because of stupid adoptive parents. - need help?
My mom is losing her home due to the tariffs Trump imposed.
Need food for feral colonies
Clothes For My Growing Dinosaur
[REQUEST] Short on rent as I'm out of work for 2 months due to depression
Phone Bill Help
You guys are great with advice, so can i pick your brains?
[Request] Gas money for my mom
[REQUEST] ($800) for rent and some textbooks
[Thanks] My cat received the treatment she needed.
Just need to eat next week while working
I just need to get through the next month.
[Advice] Is suicide the only way to be happy?
[request] a little help interim
Mom of 3 and the electric will be shut off today. Requesting $450 pay back $500.
Help needed - Flood relief - Kerala(India)
URGENT HELP NEEDED
A little support for a semester (Original Post- https://www.reddit.com/r/gofundme/comments/980i6l/education_im_trying_to_piece_my_life_back/?st=JKXQ74UT&sh=d44e6f3f)
[Request] Need help moving to the USA to be with my loving Fiance and my adorable doggy Lulu
[deleted by user]
Would appreciate some extra cash to help with school
$10 off Gamestop Order
[request] desperately need help with utility bills
[REQUEST] Need to pay a friend 9 bucks back!
[offer] Free monies for creative people
Vet & kitty just trying to get back home (kinda long)
I'm trying to start a community ISP in my home town and fund raising for the first leg of the agenda is starting with this gofundme
A friend a few states away wants to send me money he owes but I don't have PayPal or venmo. What other options do I have?
Help Raising Awareness About My Art Fundraiser
[Request] Please read my story about my battle with End Stage Liver Disease
Need 8 bucks for a bottle of Barton’s. Girls pregnant...
Working refrigerator, stove, microwave, toaster, and can opener free to someone in need KC
Pro-Cannabis Headshop: Who knows of a payment processor that will work with us?
OFFER- Boy newborn clothes/Items
How to raise $300 today to prevent homelessness?
Need Assistance with a short survey about cleaning the interior of cars.
Please can people help and donate money towards this kitten that needs surgery? She was found in my local area and has been intentionally hurt. The man who found her has set up a gofundme. I have donated what I can but every little helps.
Help me buy a camera to help inner city youth
In Need of GED prep tools
Help with a leaking roof
Losing hope...if no one helps i will be homeless
[Request] 400 or less to help family find temperary housing. Original housing fell through at last minute. Please. Thank you.
My friend needs all the help he can get
Help with Dachshund’s Recovery
Struggling to find someone to lend me money to eat today, I could use a £10 to go by
In need of a pair of glasses (SPH -6.50, single vision)
Help Needed
Power going to be shut off
Would anyone be willing to help
[REQUEST] Halfway Through - Seeking help to overcome August.
Thank you! Re:clothes 4 9yr old daughter.
[Offer] Amazon gift in exchange for good vibes
Can someone please help
Can someone help
[Repost] [Academic] E-cigarettes and Sleep Quality Short Survey (All welcome | ~5 minutes)
I lost my wallet and I have my son here, I have no money for food, if someone can spare $15 you have my word you will get it back, Thanks
[REQUEST] Need rent assistance
I need help with bills
25 y/o, 9 months out of work due to injury, 3 year old and one on the way, struggling to find work
I really need help to survive
Help me celebrate my birthday for the first time in 5 years
I need help making more money I'm all tied up
Help me get top surgery?
When all options irl are exhausted... See if there's a stranger online who will help :$
Three minutes survey: Unknown location or unknown travel itinerary? (18-50)
In need of £40 for Gas/Electric/Food until Monday next week! Will be eternally grateful.
Mom In Need of Help Paying Electric Bill
Need to pay my phone bill (cheap) so I can call homeless shelters/food banks and get my check
Pull-Ups and Flushable Wipes for my Twin Toddlers.
Housing resources in Ohio, Michigan border area?
Looking for financial assistance to help myself and girlfriend survive the month
I would like a loan. Not a donation. $200 and Ill return $250 via paypal.
What the heck humans?
Help me think of people associated with canoes!
Letting go of pride
I'm behind on what I owe the motel due to be sick the last several days. The last couple times I posted needing help with this, I ended up resolving the issue myself, but I'm running out of time.
[Request] Fundraiser for Holly
Need money for Female products on 9 week of my period
https://www.gofundme.com/rfb465&rcid=r01-153430919169-e4bfdd3035144313&pc=ot_co_campmgmt_m
Please help my friend get to the 2018 World Championships for Athletes with Down Syndrome in Madeira, Portugal
Wedding + Honeymoon + Moving Fund
Emergency Short Term Help
Need to pay for my storage unit until I start my job in September
Looking for many types of help. Because I have no clue what to do.
Help me with Tableau Certification
[REQUEST] New Mattress for Wifes Back Pain (GoFundMe)
Looking for a subreddit, where you can post a survey and people will take it for you.
Pet emergency need to take my cat to the animal hospital tonight
Please help me buy something for the new apt. Today this disabled little person celebrates 6mo in the new place.
[REQUEST] My Cat Needs a CAT Scan
[Thanks] for the teaching supplies
My boyfriends dad is dying
Sick mother
Know a lady who could use a helping hand
Dental assistance
Need help with rent late fee
[Request] I've done this before to no avail, and now things are worse.
[deleted by user]
Received a 2 day notice - about to lose my electricity ($772.30)
Request - Help my sister get a new home (after separating from abusive husband)
Just had hip surgery, trying to stay afloat
Gas Money
Please help my children attend homeschool co-op
[Repost] - School Clothing for 16 Year old going back into school for 10th Grade
Volunteer survey for research at Harvard: if you were a manager, how would you choose who to hire?
Need help covering a pet bill to get her better
[Request] $65 to take my dog to the vet
Single mom of 4 kids, out of work with baby and needs help.
Need 300$, payback 400 8/22/18
[Advice]
Help with electric bill.
$300 or I’ll be homeless.. need advice ASAP
makeup samples
Disabled and en route to being homeless again. Looking for some help, financial or otherwise, to get some long-term housing stability. Need a bus for conversion, building materials, and some tools.
[Request] Trade paypal for interac e transfer? Canada Only
Please help donate to my mother in law
Need assistance? An educational piece on 2-1-1
Need advice about removing melted mastic from car seaf
Monster hunter world...sorry
Violent living situation - need desperate help
Need to feed 3 boys
Simply Gas
I need some advice to help my friend
I need help with Social Media. Please consider my request! Thank you.
I need money. But I want to earn it!
Need $225 to avoid eviction repay $250 9/2/18. Paypal
My brother has Leukemia, and needs financial help.
In need
Help for Gravely Ill Cat.
Three minutes survey: Unknown location or unknown travel itinerary? (18-50)
Need help covering bills and medication costs
Survey on Budweiser and Great Lakes Brewing
In need of help!
[Thanks] two kind folks
Single mom, Broke, hungry, and homeless .
In need of emergency financial help.
Pre-paid phone card
Miniature Boardgame Survey [5 mins]
Managed to put gas in my car, now I can't buy food until Friday
Education Assistance
Psychology Dissertation feedback assistance
[Help] Please Help Make a Miracle Happen
Any tips on making a non finished garage habitable?
Need help for my studies
Stuck In Europe Need Help/Ideas Getting Home to US!!
Need support for my studies
Single mom and my van blew out a tire 100s miles from home.
[REQ] (RO) Still in need of $100 to turn back gas
Need a twitter account that was created in 2007 or 2008
[Thanks] Got a few things for my students
I need help paying for medical treatments outside of the US
Need $50 in BTC or Cash App loan For only 24 hours and will Pay back $70
Help me. Please
My cousin just died from a overdose. What can people do to help others before its too late?
70$ short term loan for a new laptop for my job
Help Simone the Poodle beat kidney failure!
Please donate or share the link to my trans girlfriend's GoFundMe to escape her abusive home!
Classroom Donations
Need advise on how to make money to pay my electric bill, since it's hot as hell here in Texas
Medical Emergency - Need rent money by Wednesday - Advice, Please
Finding people to take a survey
i want to travel my state and possibly further via ebike.
I am struggling to get by until my SSI goes through.
[Offe] Talk about anything. Good for fundraising groups! $10 for 20 minutes.
Lombok Earthquake Assistance Needs
Critically need help keeping my storage unit. Homeless and about to begin new work. Will enthusiastically repay, or I can also offer cheap writing/editing services.
Can someone please help me pay my electric before it gets shut off in the morning?
Behind on Rent, Electric and no food until the 17th
Help us get our Passports so we can get out of Venezuela
6 Tips for Low-Cost Auto Transport To or From Florida
[REQUEST] Please help our family afford my sister's Suboxone
Thank you !
Need school clothes? Check here for info on free clothes. (And also to donate to them).
Please help by sharing gogetfunding page on social media
Last shot at getting some help for my suicidal son. Thank you so much.
[Request] please help me by sharing this fundraiser on social media
Loan please can someone Loan $20 in btc pay back in 5 hours $30
Best place to post a survey to get answered?
Help to fund mobility equipment
Single mom with disabled child needs help desperately
New Born Diapers
Help with karma ?!
NEED LOAN FOR RENT (EMERGENCY)
Single Dad 2 Boys
Need help with an emergency loan to pay overdue bills/rent !
Advice- child care expenses
A US citizen detained and imprisoned by Vietnamese governevent without cause or any charges
Need money for food until Friday
Just make an account with alt email you don’t have to do anything else
Help Please
Please share sons go fund page
[Request] Please help my co-worker who lost her husband, the father to her 3 year old.
Other people with greater needs
Help me get my daughter to college
(Other) maybe a pizza?
My four year old pupper has IMHA, asking for help with vet bills!
(Request)Maybe a pizza?
In need of $700, $800 repaid by Monday, August 21st
Anyone have a BO4 beta code for Xbox one?
Fundraiser for Children’s Hospital
Anything For a Meal
Help my phones being shut off at midnight but i need this #.
Power due to be cut off and rent overdue; offering YCH doodles
String of bad luck has left me without food
Gg
May need a tow in Upstate NY back home
Please help my wife walk again! She finally got surgery date! It’s less than 3 weeks away!!!
My wife has surgery less than THREE WEEKS! PLEASE HELP
Desperately need a greyhound ticket to Washington, DC.
New Job Means New Apartment (Hopefully)
New job means new apartment (hopefully)
Post Operative Financial Bind
Been diagnosed with life threatening heart defects and some mental issues need to catch up on bills while waiting for disability
Husband kicked me out of Virginia home. I went to my parents in Ontario with our only child. Now husband has filed for child's custody. What are my options?
Internet Artist thinks I threatened him
Post-Operative Financial Struggles
need a bit of help with back to school...
Who wants some amazing domain names?
Looking for suggestions and some help! About to lose our home!
You’ve helped me out a bunch and I appreciate it so very much!
Help with rent.
Help my pregnant daughter
How to find roommates
My car was claimed as a Total loss, need all the help I can get even if its just a share
Requesting a loan of $150, to be paid back $175 on September 7th.
In need of $150, will repay $175 on September 7th.
Gray hairs.... Please help. Im young
[Survey] Understanding menstrual hygiene service potential customers (Everyone)
My engine blew up I need help
Need help to raise money for a funeral for a family member.
Need Help Paying $80 Phone Bill
Pregnant woman trapped in car!
I need to get home, I'm dying where I'm at and my safety is back in the USA. I need help with a ticket.
Need 2,000
Need help with deciding on a book cover
I need some money for a computer please
Help with 10th Graders Back to School Clothing??
Thank you for all your support
Seeking loan of $400 to survive August, repayment of $480 over 3 months.
Any type of assistance for my Cat's stomatitis treatement would be appreciated
I just lost my job and I have $1200 in bills this month.
Help Paying for CPR/First Aid Class
Please report this neonazi Facebook group
Quick Small Loan Till 8/16/2018
[OFFER] Offering to help 10 teachers with classroom supplies
Just got evicted and need lots of resources
URGENT: My baby bird is dying and needs a vet
My baby bird is dying and needs a vet
Help asher get a cranial band. Please anything helps
My baby cockatiel is dying and needs a vet
Advice single mom with premature baby
Help asher get a cranial band. Please anything will help.
[Request] Can someone donate me 0.05$ or 0.10$ to my paypal?
[Request] School clothes for kids, 10, 14, 15.
If you need help, this is how I make an extra $1200 a month- all free
Request Help for single mom with car insurance and food
Mini Project Survey
I'm looking for a $500 loan to be repaid September 08/2018
[REQ] Joining the US Army and Just lost my job please read
Just lost my job and looking for some advice on how to find a new one with some black marks on my employment record.
Looking for a place to stay in Orlando area for a couple of weeks until I get my first check.
Need help with groceries this month
Three minutes survey: Unknown location or unknown travel itinerary? (18-50)
Looking for places to post our research survey?
Get over $50 in crypto tokens for free💚Thank me later when you can exchange it and get real money with it 💵💵💵😃
Can I get someones name using their phone number?
I need to take a later flight tomorrow due to an emergency; is there ANYTHING I can realistically do without paying extremely high extra fare?
[REQUEST] I'm a starving artist with a plan to get on my feet... I need supplies like canvases, paint, etc to get a studio going... Thought maybe r/assistance could be the help I need...
Someone is stalk harassing me.
Is falsely changing address on my bank statement considered illegal for fraud?
Medical debt assistance
Our beautiful dog Jaycee has cancer, asking for help to pay for tumorectomy.
Thank you Matlobi
6 month old pup needs surgery
I’m yet another disabled person in need of help ...
Horror Miniature Survey part 2. Under 10 minutes!
Help me avoid eviction proceedings!
Becoming suicidal
Becoming suicidal
My ferret is seizing - $100 for the vet - PLEASE HELP :( </3
Help with getting a car.
Please help my wife walk again
Thankful for Gods Mercy and Grace
Need help paying a few bills
(Survey)[Academic] Does the increased security around London's events after last years terror attacks make us feel safer or more anxious? (Londoners of all demographics)
Help starting a GoFundMe campaign.
(Repost)(Survey)[Academic]Online attitudes and behaviors (Over 18 year old)
[Request] Mental Health Patient Seeking Temp assistance
Trying to help the relief efforts in Lombok
[REQUEST] Pet food please details inside.
How to deal with a jerk at work?
Need help with electric bill, trying everything possible to keep it on as it's hot as hell here in Texas
In need of a sponsor for an immigrant family
I want to break up with my smartphone but one thing is holding me back.
Help for a friend.
[OFFER] Amazon offers discounted Amazon Prime memberships for those who have and EBT (food stamps) card or Medicaid card!
[OFFER] Amazon offers discounted Amazon Prime memberships for people with an EBT (food stamps) card or a Medicaid card!
[Academic] E-cigarettes and Sleep Quality Short Survey (All welcome | ~5 minutes)
[Advice] Complained to landlord about neighbors & sent him a video today, he said he sent her a letter...
Academic needed to proof read dissertation (only a few select parts)
You get $5, I get $5
Are there any programs I can look to for help with paying overdue rent?
[REQ] (RO) In need of $150 to turn back gas
Request Fallen on Difficult Times
Desperate to keep home free of all abuse; can no longer survive abuse to keep my home.
Please help my cousin raise money for her cancer treatment. She might not be curable, but she wants to watch her daughter grow up for a bit longer.
Marriage Counseling Funding
Just another hungry 20 year old.
Starting Uni in September, looking for some help.
Need help on ways to get money for my hair equipment.
I need a computer!
Help with my son's psychiatric care
Help Elizabeth and her family fight eviction during Cancer treatment
Need help with vet bills for my cat who broke her leg if anyone can help.
Expecting a call about when to come in for training for a new job. Phone will be shut off tonight at midnight. Not enough karma to post to r/Borrow.
Need groceries/dog food
Help me with this puzzle
Stuck in a coach for 17 hours with no music. Could someone please download 2 or 3 songs and send them to me ?
Desperate to keep roof over my head free of abuse
I need car payment help
[request] need hotel room in St. Augustine Florida tonight
[Request] Help me save my home renovation business! (survey for home owners)
My corgi needs surgery!
This is my 3rd attempt at asking for help. Can anyone please help?
I'm desperate in need of money to pay a surgery for my aunt
[ANIMAL] Kittens Need Medical Funds
[Animal Request] Kittens need medical funds
How to cope with anxiety/possible depression and parents?
I have set up a go fund me for my upcoming trip and if you could pitch in a few dollars and share that would be greatly appreciated. It’s for me to get to my family’s home to help them in a time of need
Brother survived a train accident.
Help stray dogs
Help stray dogs
New baby on the way
Need Money For PS4 and BO4
[Request] Participants Wanted in Research to Understand Variations in Cannabis Experiences
"Please Help me Fulfil my PhD Dream"
Power turned off with a sick baby
Need help falling asleep
rent/ utility assistance struggling grad student
Disabled and trying to survive on my own
Need money for gas to get back home to my family.
Returning message
Short Survey: Holiday planning and booking preferences (18-50)
My best friend is an incredibly talented disabled burlesque performer. She's about to lose her accessible home.
Kittens Need Some Help Seeing The Vet
A survey for Mothers!
Could use any help, lost place and need a room to clean up and sleep
Help with food
[Request] Assistance making rent/bills/life after a big family medical emergency.
Hotel rooom robbed. No way home
Desperate
Friend passed away unexpectedly, anything would help for funeral costs.
I need assistance to grow my avarage viwers on my twitch!
Request for help with bills that are piling up due to surgery
I need help figuring out if I'm in actual danger, or if my SO is playing a sick and twisted joke to test my loyalty.
Anything Helps. Thanks in advance!
Seeking for tips on "How to help a friend who's striving to get a fresh start"!
Help stray dogs large wound
Help stray dogs large wound
Update on Single Mom Cat Artist, Eviction [REQUEST]
[Advice] First time helping a family and do not know where to start.
Somali family deported, because of lack of representation. Needs help with legal fees
proof reading needed for substance use lit review
Going to be homeless, made a gofundme, anything helps
[REQ] Printer ink
[deleted by user]
[REQ] not looking for a handout I will be able to pay back within a month this has been posted in“borrow”as well($650.00) (#Orange, Massachusetts United States) Help is much needed. As I am desperate at this time! Had a few good friends over my house and then $650.00 goes missing (9/6/2018)(PayPal)
Nobody in my life seems to understand I have anxiety and 'freeze up' even with the simplest expectations. Looking for help, but haven't found it yet
Vote for Hobbes in my works cutest pet contest
A small donation for a great cause - JSU Marching Southerners
[REQ] (update) (advice) OVERDUE TUITION, GOING TO GET KICKED OUT OF SCHOOL
Kipdy Logo Design Poll
✋︎⬧︎ ⬧︎□︎❍︎♏︎□︎■︎♏︎ ♋︎♌︎●︎♏︎ ⧫︎□︎ ♒︎♏︎●︎◻︎ ❍︎♏︎✍︎
Help Cody's Mental Health Recovery
I need someone to mail me a backpack so I can evade the ridiculous customs tax on my country.
(Request) Clothes or voucher for clothes (Uk)
Mental Health Sufferer being cheated on
Saving/Earning Money in University
Scientology Cult Survivor, subjected to gay conversion therapy - putting my life back together.
Can anyone please join the investing app acorns with my referral link. I will get 1000 dollars if you do.
[Request] Can anyone please join the investing app acorns with my referral link. I will get 1000 dollars if you do.
[REQ] i need this backpack for my laptop and school
[Loan] I need a little cash! Asking 45, can repay 55. 8/25/2018
ThAnK YoU Ms. CutieJudy - The sneakers are AWESOME!
Cannot lose home
Homeless and disabled!!! My truck(where my dog an I live) has called it quits.
Please help us get mental health treatment for a sweet and caring father
Had major car issues and need help getting to and from to work
Missing my babies and stuck in a place with no family or friends.
Can somebody donate me a little bit money?
(Request) Help to attend interview - UK
Hi, I need your help please.
In need of dog food by tomorrow.
[Loan] $100 for $120 no later than 3 Oct
Car insurance / losing license 24 & working two jobs / recent breakup / Cleveland and Canfield areas
Improving the Quadcopter Drone Market (Drone Owners)
[Job Offer] I'm looking for as many people as possible to record a 20 minute video of speaking into the camera (see instructions for clarification). $10 PayPal (Goods & Services).
I need help for a university dissertation. It's a survey about special educational needs in higher education. Please fill it out if you can.
Need help, is serious, in crisis.
Help with downpayment on a car for a disabled woman
Exam fee for GRE/IELTS
Need a Few Books to Help Me Understand my Illness, and Advice on my Current Poverty [Request/Advice]
Family with two children lost everything after house fire
I’m trying to leave an abusive relationship and go back home to my mom.
Red blotches on skin, not sure if I should seek medical attention
[Request] Finally have a job interview on Tuesday! I really could use some help with gas money/food for me and my pup
Gas for work
[REQ] I recently have came to the point where my property is to much to handle, I inherited it from my grandfather and wanted to do something different, I want to have organic free range chickens and organically grown vegetables to try and promote New Jersey produce again
$30 for food and gas - MB Canada
House Fire Displaced Family With Two Toddler
[Request] Participants still needed for Deception Detection Survey!!
Need $50 for groceries, Will Pay Back Next Thursday!!!
looking for animals lovers with their hearts on heir sleeves to help me save my dog..Brutie the Puggie
Desperately need financial short-term help of $800-$1,000 for past due rent.
[Request] In a mental hospital and unable to work
[REQUEST] On the verge of being homeless. Finally have two jobs lined up. Need to borrow funds for gas to make it to work and to pay the cost of a privilege license.
Fiancée hit by DUI Driver, medical bills over $70,000. Please share. TIA
[Request] Help with dinner tonight
Three minutes survey: Unknown location or unknown travel itinerary? (18-50)
About to get kicked out or give finances to my mother
[FULFILLED] Got $1000 to help with my marketing campaign in september!
Going hungry
I need help to go back home.
[Thanks] for money to make a huge batch of potato salad for my wedding
"Please Help me Fulfil my PhD Dream"
Admitted my son into the ER for suicide attempt
Help me find a good dermatologist in Ireland.
Looking for help getting my fundraising stream out there to the world, any support goes along way!
Please help! Family of 4 with electric bill in disconnect
Please help my g-tube baby
Family of 4 still struggling
Need help getting to new job
[deleted by user]
CROWDRISE to Give Kids Wheelchairs
I want to lose myself into media
[Request] Cat home in need of food/litter
Defrauded by seller of our first home. Our story...
Looking for a little money for overseas study
Need help finding a programmer to work with on my video game
Help Reporting a Catfish Account
I need options , 20 year old college student no job with only support from a sister who works part time. Currently crying while writing this dude to toothache in need of root canal.
Need help relocating to Memphis and finding a job there.
Pediatric Cancer Donations
Request Video capture card 2ds XL compatible for twitch.
Need help with rent, food and a job.
About to be evicted because of the VA
Need school clothes for my 9yr old daughter.
Save Fynn the puppies leg from amputation
[Request] $5 Amazon giftcard so I can finish Young and Hungry
Looking for $2000 to help with a market campaign for september! Assist me and get a life time friend.
[Request] I need to post an important request on /borrow but i am 390 karma short! =(((
In Need of Classroom Basics
Trying to start a family
GoFundMe for cancer treatment for a cat in my backyard
16f here, anyone willing to help me disappear?
Really struggling
Proof-reader needed for Dissertation literature review
plz message me
I've been reading too much about climate change.
Need money chronic debilitating illness
I literally need $1.00
Should I just quit?
Needing help...before not only myself but 3 others end up homeless
I need someone to talk to
DV Survivor needs help with childcare
Streaming Fortnite BR and letting my chat dictate what I am going to do! (All proceeds raised will go to the IWK Childrens Hospital)
Need someone to get a phone call
I don't even know what I need.
Are there any British folk who could record me an audio file?
A small request! ^-^
Help me save/keep my cat Trixie.
[Request] Need help paying phone bill
Help With Rent
Single Mom In Need Of Help With School Clothes For My Kids
Last 24 hours desperately need help
I literally need help navigating a government website.
Looking for a thread where I can find potential respondents to my Master's thesis survey
Help a child in St. Thomas, Jamaica to learn to read.
I got cheated out of my pay. Could use some help.
Are there any nurses that could please check my calculations practice test?
I’m a vindictive asshole when I’m tired, how can I stop being like this?
PLZ CAN SOMEONE LEND ME $150 FOR RENT
UK drivers (18+) - how do you choose your car breakdown cover?
plz message me
Help with food?
Help me, please! : I need a new PC rig for coding/studying!
Need some help with a service dog fundraiser. Anything helps, especially sharing.
Help finding online work. I think I could qualify as disabled but don't have assistance of any kind.
In desperate need, post isn’t working in borrow (Philadelphia, Pa)
Just had an expensive home repair and need a little help connecting the dots.
I don’t want to live any more
Hantavirus exposure?
Need some help.
Help Emma and her mother get tickets to the Philippines to be with her dying father.
I’m a minor and I need to make a bank account but I don’t have social security number or anything
Still in need of help
I need to do a survey for a social psychology class - would appreciate any responses!
I may be homeless by 8/31, need advice ASAP.
Urgent Request
Personal Loans: Payday, Installment and Longterm!
Eviction with two children!
Difficult circumstances,
{REQ} £20/$26 for Car Tax
i need someone to snap me out of this.
[Advice] My father has been using a credit card in my name the last year. He has accumulated $15,000 in debt.
[REQ] (RO) In need of $150 to turn back gas
I need help with Instagram, very good reason.
Short $70 for rent- every day after 5th = $65 fee
[REQ]Help with paying bills.
making a birthday video for my brother who lives across the country
Help
[REQ] Need $30 for overdraft charges..
Help needed for burial costs of Veteran who passed
Phone bill
Phone bill
I made a transaction online and it didn’t go through the first time, so I tried again twice and it still didn’t go through. Took money out of my account TWICE.
Frequent Power cut In my region, I Need Power Bank!
Victim of domestic violence, Made it out with great job and two toddlers with no place to go.
Any programs for homeless families in KY?
[Request]Pleading for help on behalf of a family.
Help Save Vito From Liver Disease!
Fraud on bank account, need $30 to cover overdraft. Will pay back by Sunday.
I would like some help planning a children’s camp revolving around dogs.
[Advice] I need some help with a few things.
[Req] Daughter's bday is tmrw and work has been really slow. Was trying to ask for assistance to help give her a good birthday.
Having trouble getting back on our feet
Offer - Items off Amazon for school!
[REQUEST] I need some help with a few things.
Please help me fill my thesis suvey an finally finish my degree
Seeking help paying for surgery costs!
My friend is missing, urgent help needed, please donate to help find him
Help with makeup
Please.. Anything at all. Anything helps
Got Married, asking for help for new life! $800 Boston, USA
Please help me get appreciation for my artwork
9/11 WTC 1st Responder needs help with Electric $80
Where's the best place to post a survey?
Hey Reddit! Cats in need of food
Request for assistance. Need $1,400 for rent and car payment
[REQ]($1250)-(#Los Angeles, California, US), (I can start paying back the loan in mid 9/26 at $100 twice a month until I've paid you $1500.) (PayPal or venmo)
[request] Anyone need a website built? or know of any remote work? I need to save my apartment.
(EMERGENCY) I won't be able to attend college if I don't have 3k by tonight.
My uncle had a massive stroke that has taken most of his language and communication ability. He is a veteran and a father.
Y’all, I am 8, EIGHT dollar short for rent
Im a 12 year old kid
About to be homeless in a new country country
Help my friend raise money for band!
can you help us reach our goal we are trying to achieve?
Staight talk phone card perhaps?
Can anyone please join the investing app acorns with my referral link. I will get 1000 dollars invested for me if I get 12 people to join.
Help for my friend whose flat was gutted in a fire
Nonurgent! I just got a guitar and im learning to play, I'd like a subscription to the app "yousician" to help me learn
Help for my friend whose flat was gutted in a fire
I know this is a long shot, but I'm desperate: work opportunities?
Last semester until I get my degree. Please help.
Looking for commission work to replace art supplies to help me feel content with staying home all the time.
Just need some money gas and pull ups
Not an emergency but a little help for a woman who deserves the world and so much more, My Mum.
His Cake Day Went Horribly Sideways
Need some minicaps for PD catheter
Help a aging buddhist lama get a home.
About to get kicked out and get my husband in trouble.
Please help this Fundraiser
[deleted by user]
Reddit i really need your help, and all i need is your sharing ability.
A girl from my school died suddenly at 16. She is from Venezuela and her mom lives there. Her family is doing a fundraiser so her mom can say goodbye and her family can give her a funeral. Can you guys help/help spread the link?
About to lose everything. Could use some help.
Got downvotes when I first made my account and need at least a little karma to keep this account usable. Comment and I’ll pay it forward thanks🤟
Can’t afford a dentist at the moment, have a infection.
Help me get my daughter back, please.
Need some help everyone, really interesting read too :)
Please help! Living on the streets with kids!
HELP! Digital marketer in the Bay just finished post-grad studies and unpaid internship. Now unemployed, broke, and no laptop... (let me explain...)
A Taiko/TaTaCom drum
Seeking research participants for a study on Detecting Deception. Participants 18+ years are welcome.
Anyone work for the airlines? Need standby tickets to propose to my girlfriend in Kauai.
[Quick] Need help on a music survey!
Gearing up for the American Girl Doll giveaway 2018
Need help opening some PDF links from anyone with a Windows computer
Help me register for my last yer of college!
$65 for School Supplies for my kiddo (35630)
Help for a friend, his wife lost part of her leg
A little food help until the 3rd
Cat has hyperthyroidism and I need to buy her meds
cant afford vet dog inflated
In serious need of some food right now.
Request for groceries in kind or cash
Need help to fix Peanut and Orion’s teeth
Destoryed my husband's hair
[Request] Needing assistance paying for hotel room, to be able to work a job this weekend.
My cousin is crowdfunding to raise money for cancer treatment abroad because nobody in the UK can help her. Is there any way I can raise awareness to get people to donate and help?
Attempting to be with my mom
WE are fundraising for the Somers Neonatal Intensive Care Unit. Who saved my daughters life
My cousin is raising money to get cancer treatment abroad because nobody in the UK can help her. Is there anyway I can help raise awareness and get people to donate and help?
Struggling student trying to pursue an interest, possible career path
A struggling student trying to pursue an interest, possible career path
I want to die
Please help! Recent cancer survivor trying to get back on my feet
If that guy can get thousands for mac and cheese, someone here can help a girl out.
[REQ] Monetary Assistance for my father
Would You Be Willing to Contribute Just $20 to Help My Husband and I Make Our Rent?
Need help with $20 court payment, can repay Saturday!!
In hospital and worried about bills not sure what I'm going to do
UPDATE: Cat Artist Final Update on What I'm Doing, One Last Request [REQUEST]
Need help with rent and an upcoming utility bill
Help My Best Friend With Lawyer Fees
Help me read my thesis?
Dissertaion Proof reader needed
Substitute teacher who impacted students lives now homeless.
I need your help to save or kill my relationship
HELP! Digital marketer in the Bay just finished post-grad studies and unpaid internship. Now unemployed, broke, and no laptop...
Digital marketer in the Bay just finished post-grad studies and unpaid internship. Now, unemployed, broke, and no computer... HELP!!!
Anyone know of a simple online calendar (journal) I can get where I just write down what work I did that day?
[REQUEST]
I am not eligible for student grant despite my annual incpme being less than 12,000 a year. Why did they do this?
[Request]If any of you have a DSLR camera laying around collecting dust than it would be highly appreciated! (Story below)
In DIRE straits and needing immediate help to keep 3 small kids from being in the streets
Help with Electric bill due to unforseen events
[EDUCATION] Need money for room deposit and housing application for campus living
[EDUCATION] Need money for room deposit and housing application for campus living
help to pay for college
Family in need of food during the fire.
Need immediate help if at all possible
[Advice] I'm going to get kicked out of school and I don't know what to do
Any help appreciated for a college student.
Risk of losing housing and job!!
Forgo Forclosure
Need $35 till tomorrow night
got laid off a month ago, got dumped yesterday.
[Request] Borrow uploaded.net account for a couple of days
Help me save a gorl and my health
Help this sweet little boy find a home!
[Request]Needing some help until payday
Uber/Lyft gift cards
Need a spot of help getting to work!
Living in a house with no running water, no flooring in 3 of the rooms. Not sure where to post this.
What are some resources for clothes?
Facing reality central Wisconsin
Facing reality.
A birthday present for my brother
Research Survey Request For Parents Whose Children Wear Glasses/Contact Lenses For Myopia - Shortsightedness
Need the help of an angel
[SURVEY] User survey about pizza consumption! (Everyone can take!)
[REQ] (RO) In need of $150 to turn back gas
Job-Hunting Expenses
[deleted by user]
I am desperate! I need help paying for a chiropractor. I have 3 herniated discs in my lower back, one of them is pressing on my spinal cord. This has complete debilitated me.
My classmate who had zero financial support was putting herself through school with a part time job and student loans, and her entire apartment building just burned down.
How to avoid getting in the middle of a my neighbor's petty turf war
[Academic] Survey for a redesign of a liquid medicine feeder for children (Parents)
My friend needs advice. She's currently trying to escape abusive household and leave for school.
[REQUEST] Both my puppy and I could sure use some help - I have nowhere else to turn
[EDUCATION] please read the text
Need help with vet bill to catch up on rent
Single Mom Of 3 In Kentucky In Need Of Help With School Stuff For My Kids
I've been staying in a motel and pay the daily rate, but my debit card is locked because of a fraud charge. I get paid for each sale, so I don't have anything to get from my account at the bank tomorrow. So I have no idea what to do.
30 dollars for a hotel room
[REQUEST] Had to quit my job because my employers were doing illegal activities. No new job yet and I’ve fallen behind on bills. Please help me!
[Request] I don't even know where to begin.
I've been staying in a motel and paying by the day, but my debit card is locked because of a fraud charge. I have no idea what to do until the card is replaced. [NY]
[Academic] Calling ENVIRONMENTAL ACTIVISTS who want to talk MENTAL HEALTH (Aged: 18-29)
[REQUEST] Kitty Surgery has left me broke for August.
[REQUEST] Family of 4 low on cash until payday.
Back to School Help
Moving with next to no money
Help no food in house family of 4.
A new laptop or money for one?
Crazy girlfriend kicked me out need hotel room
[Under 1 min] Indie Music survey, appreciate your ideas!
[REQUEST] Got the job but no clothes to wear for uniform
Help a friend in a bad situation
[2 mins] Music survey! (preferably people that listen to indie music)
Crazy girlfriend kicked me out. Need hotel room
Horror boardgame survey.I need your help for ideas, thanks!Under 1 MINUTE ONLY
Hair System for Trichotillomania Disorder
Stranded in Payson, AZ just need gas.
How to make my $$ go further?
Deployed and my wife’s car broke down on the highway
A little grocery help to get by these next 2 weeks - 33 weeks pregnant
[REQUEST] Just need a little cash for groceries this week.
Real food assistance inside!
Need Financial Help or Resources
[Request] $300 help. Can pay back loan (& interest) by 8/31. Kicked out and trying to keep afloat until Monday.
Struggling with no ends need $150 or as close as i can get
[Thanks] thank you u/vavamama
[REQ] ($400)- (Tampa, FL, USA) ($475 on 8/31) (CashApp, Venmo)
I need help getting with my finances
[Request] Life in complete shambles.
9/11 WTC 1st Responder needs help with Electric
Looking for work; trying to keep my phone on.
Help me reunite my family!!!
Help Heal my Dog's Broken Leg
A really cool project we need your help on!
9/11 WTC 1st Responder asking for utility help.
[REQUEST] Finally hit rock bottom, just want a decent meal today
Living in a Homeless Shelter and trying to keep storage space.
Help for my cousin's family affected by Typhoon Josie
Saving Memory of my Late Wife
Help until payday
Saving My Late Wofe Momeries
Soon To Be Homeless Veteran
Real emergency here, truly in need some assistance more than ever.
Dreamer's Arm Surgery
My Solution to World Hunger
plz message me
Raising money for patients at Rady Children's Hospital in San Diego, CA
About to be evicted...
Desperate to succeed in job interviews after the unexpected death of a lifelong friend
I need help with an emergency dental problem: Atlanta, GA
I Need $14.99 for Local Fair! (Will Work!)
Need help for flight to Austria for school
I’m looking for a long, high def video of deep sea waves.
plz mesage me
Grocery help?
Help getting a ride please
[request] Court summons for credit card debt but unemployed
[Request] Please help me sign this thank (Petition to add a "Hmm" reaction to Facebook)
[Request] Rent is due in 3 days, I lost my job this month and bills are stacking up with late fees.
$150 needed for moving costs tomorrow
Hey. Looking for some coverage till August 17th or August 24th
[Survey] Need survey responses for a project (reward)
50$ for food and gas. [CashApp]
[Repost] Help with food/a few house hold needs.
Fired from job due to a fracture in my toe and being unable to work. Out of food. Any help would be GREATLY appreciated.
Should I still pay rent to this psycho?
[Request] Job Offer Accepted / Utility turned OFF ! $195
PLEASE HELP US CATCH THIS PEDOPHILE
$80 so my drivers license wont get suspended! Can pay back Tuesday [payday]
Im only $1 short!!
Rent // abusive relationship
$100 loan until payday 7/31
Cancer is so fucking unfair.
Money for lunch
[Request] Looking for a kind soul for a $60 loan to avoid utility interruption
I rescue abandoned cats and I'm in need of monetary help
Help found a blind bird what should i do?
Need $60 for Medical (Asthma) Inhaler; behind on rent
I dont want to live anymore...
Short on rent and I am only starting my new job in a couple of weeks.
is there some sort of program that is able to remove the bloat software that denuvo causes?
College Students, Please take my quick survey!
[REQUEST] Storage bins
Please Help Our Daughter Get Strabismus Eye Surgery
[Request] Help pay for Mowgli cat’s dental cost
Need $35 in gas money until next Friday.
Need help covering costs for court ordered classes or I go to jail PLEASE HELP!
Need help with $300 can pay back with interest!
Need help paying my rent. I’ve already fallen behind.
[Offer] formula coupons
[Request] Gas to fill up
Want a new phone, will work for it, for you.
So my pen exploded in the dryer...
Mastectomy Recovery Assistance
Period Kit/Menstrual Hygiene Pack Online Service Survey
I need to borrow $350, will pay back when i get paid this upcoming Monday.
Facing Eviction tomorrow at 2PM, am $250 short to pay rent, I can repay the $250+ interest by the end of the month.
I need help with my college tuition.
Have eaten nothing but canned soup for the past week. Would appreciate a little spare change to get something, anything else.
My Fiancé’s mother was diagnosed with cancer
In need of assistance
Can anyone e-transfer me 5 bucks for lunch? (CAD)
Three minutes survey: Unknown location or unknown travel itinerary? (18-50)
Brandon is a great guy who's going through some medical and financial issues, anything you can offer would be appreciated.
Please help ! My 10 year old daughter, puppy,and I are stranded. We are 172 miles away in another state. Our car broke down, we have no family support, I have less than $14.00 . At mechanic who is willing to help, bill is still $998.00. We are desperate...
SURVEY: Mental Health Utilization among (university students)
I need $300.
$150 through Venmo if you cab send me $140 through PayPal please
Working class family needs tires
Need some people to take my survey for buyer behavior, will only take 2 minutes (luxury cars)
Need 60$ for Madden 19
Need money for food.
Unexpected illness, now I cant pay rent, any help appreciated
Looking to borrow some cash to finally get on track
Assistance with medical bills
Homeless...
(Req) need 350$ or anything for school tuition
[Offer] Will ghostwrite people's website or blogs for them - I have the time to spare and am looking for experience [not for money or profit]
Urgent help needed for dying friend.
Hi Reddit, can you help me to study ?
My daughter (12) needs a service dog.
Phishing group gained remote access to my mother's PC
Emergency life saving surgery for my 3 year old bully breed
[REQ] (RO) In need of $150 to turn back gas
Semi urgent uber ride (lost wallet)
[Request] Please help by participating in my research about detecting deception!
Just trying to get home
Any help would be appreciated
Requesting assistance with my dreams and life goals
Looking to borrow $100 for phone bill
just a little cash to get me to friday
Help sending Bruno to service dog training!
Family in a bad situation, need help finding our 6 cats a home.
My exam is tomorrow.
We got out
[REQUEST] struggling and down on my luck, need some groceries
Pup has cancer, and we need financial assistance.
[REQUEST] Gas Money
PS4 Stolen (Fraudulent Charges)! Reddit PLEASE HELP. (New here but I'm gonna have faith.)
Hard working mom needs help becoming debt free.
Just for everyone's info
[REQUEST] My family needs about 50 dollars for groceries.
I just need gas money
Teacher who won’t make it through August.
A storage facility I used illegal trashed all of my belongings
[REQUEST] [$15]
How can I get payed online without a bank account
Trying to keep babies from suffocating, Please help!!
[Request] ($250USD) #Fairfield, CT, USA (Repay on or before 08/10/2018)-(Repay $270)-(Zelle/Paypal/Venmo)
Help me figure this out!
Need $20 to pick up a few odds and ends
[REQUEST] New job and end of semester assistance.
Help me blow up the IRS SCAM
Finally got a job after 3 months but I need ~100 for tools
Need to get questionnaires answered - where do I go?
Family needing assistance asap
[REQUEST] Me and the family are struggling to get by
[Request] Please help my family eat this week
Will Reddit help me to study ?
$121.00 power bill
Hey guys! :) Can you help me get some insights on how to improve charity donations in the future
[REQUEST] I'm $142 short of being able to enough to keep the power on and I won't be paid until Friday.
Help with a few dollars for food
My son has a genetic disease and I need help
College Student In Need Of New Laptop
San Diego
50 karma from being able to post to r/borrow, help?
My Family Needs Help
[Request] 12 year old Miniature Schnauzer needs surgery
My family needs Help please
Cleaned out my cupboards
Cancer is so fucking unfair.
Don’t have the karma for borrow so trying here..in a bad spot
I owe a total of $688 to various banks and people and barely make any money as a student - don't know where to start in order to fix this issue
Hey I’m down on my luck
[REQUEST] My son is playing high school football at St. John’s Bosco
Please Help With my Dog's Emergency Medical Bills
[REQUEST] Me and my family are struggling and down on our luck, some pizza for dinner would be amazing
[Request] Please help me raise funds to save my cat
REQUEST: Someone who is fluent in german and would make one phone call for me to help me get my final goodbye and move forward
No Electricity For Days. Need Advice?!
I'm trying to take one class in Chemistry 2 online but I can't find out where I could. Do you know? [USA]
Can someone please send me $10 to my email felixperez7a@icloud.com because my brother tried to buy something and the purchase went through but wasn’t billed because I don’t have any money and now it doesn’t let my download or update anything from the App Store.
[Request] For my daughter
I am trying to start over after abusive relationship and it isn't going well
[REQUEST] Update from previous post: My dog's hernia has gotten worse and needs surgery as soon as possible. The surgery is $400. So far I've raised $217. I'm almost there! I'm currently really struggling financially and desperately need to reach $400 as soon as I can before she gets worse.
Food Assistance (29301)
[REQ] looking for single source for music site icons
Bank account closed, student loans overdue
[Survey] 5 Minute Questionairre on Success and Happiness
[Request] please help my kids ride together
Any help would be greatly appreciated!
[REQUEST] [$15] Gas money
Cancer Support, Worsening Condition
Urgently need your help!
Borrow a trailer
CONFUSED ABOUT A RESEARCH PAPER
[Request] Emergency Vet Visit for Pupper
[deleted by user]
Mouth seriously hurts but I can't afford fillings
[URGENT] Sister has Crone's Diseanse, Lupus, and Stage 2 Ovarian Cancer - PLEASE HELP
[Thanks]
[Survey] [Academic] Survey for gamer values and collecting practices
Single mother needing help
Food for my son
Mouth seriously hurts but I cant afford fillings
$41 Phone Bill overdue/Need for Job Hunting
Growing up I always heard the saying “God wouldn’t put something hard in your life if he thought you weren’t strong enough to get through it. If he brings you to it, he will bring you through it. Right now we are marching through a tough storm in our path. (Story continued down below)
Medical assistance
Hi! I have a survey about home cooking I need filled out!
Past due T-Mobile bill, will pay you back.
[Request] New bathroom for my mother suffering from multiple sclerosis[About 4,700$]
New redditor seeking help
Short on rent
Help for a very quick survey
Need a new steam profile pic plz
Need a new steam profile picture plz
Please help my sister get to college
[Request] $15
[REQ] My dog's hernia has gotten worse. If I don't take her to get surgery soon she can die from it. The surgery is $400. I'm currently really struggling to find a job and I've used my last paycheck to pay two huge loans and used up all of my savings to fix my car.
Help with 30 usd until friday
[Request] Need to earn $15 by midnight to keep my phone from being shut off after client stiffed me. Can help with writing/marketing.
[Request] Completed work for a first-time design client today and long story short he stiffed me. Could use the last $15 to keep my phone from being shut off.
Need a steam profile picture thanks
Need a little help getting to work.
I need some spare money for a new job
The only thing I can do is selling my art for now, I really need help in general.
Looking for someone who I can get a loan from.
Could use some help until Friday
Labeling Music with Music Genres
Please help a struggling single mother
Help a father of two please
Asking for assistance on a vehicle repair
Help me get it started!
$20 until Payday on Friday. PayPal
Need 10 dollars asap, im really hungry, explanation down
5 dollars for dinner tonight.
[Request] [US] Used Baby Gear!
Things are tight, trying to make ends meet
Trying To Get My Step Son The Help He Needs
A 5-10 min Sociology questionnaire on Celebrity Worship Culture
[REQUEST] Dog needs insulin needles.
[REQUEST] Me and my family are struggling to get buy and would just love some pizza for tonight.
[Request] food or a meal
[Request] SAT Test Fee
Helping hand please
[Request] SAT Test Fee
(MEDICAL) NEED MONEY FOR MEDICAL ISSUES.
[Request] Need help with some bills
Need emergency help
Filling for bankruptcy and need help.
Needing $100 loan
Online Survey for my non-commercial thesis
Appreciate if you could give a book as a gift to a student in financial difficulty
Don't have enough money to for the next week for food, get paid August 1.
Any and all help needed. Have turned to s*x work as family are unable to help and have bills and deposits due. Can't get groceries and not sure what to do next.
Appreciate if you could give a book as a gift to a student in financial difficulty
Need a couple bucks to eat this week, don't get paid until 1st of August. Will pay you back
electricity payment plan payment is due tomorrow (redundant, i know), i start a new job Thursday and really need help catching up.
How do I avoid dislocating my knee a third time?
[request] My friend in the Philippines with severe rickets is in need of Ilizarov-Veklich apparatus
Laid off from my job of 11 years. Struggling to make ends meet
Raising money to make my first LP. Anything helps. Great pledge rewards. Read for more info.
AAPI Research Study -- Chance to win $25 Amazon gift card!
Help me help the greater good
Homeless and in need of bus fare to get to job interviews
Keira animation software audio issue
[REQUEST] Anything to help make my 21st birthday a little better
Been homeless for awhile, recently moved back in with my parents....
Urgently in need of assistance
My gf started a gofundme because several of my teeth have rotted to the cores and I'm getting migraines daily now. I can't afford to get them removed but she started this to help and I could honestly use it.
[Request] Mom+2kids: Suddenly Homeless, Car Broke Down Today, No Money Left For Food or Shelter Tonite. It’s 109F Right Now, We’re Stranded. Please Help.
I can't stop crying, we have no food
[REQUEST] Help my dad get Cancer Treatment!
Alternative Product to DIY Toothbrush for Dogs
My siblings are at risk of getting forcibly evicted, taken away from their mother, and placed into foster homes if I don’t act quickly. Reddit, I’m reaching out to you for help.
What would you rate my story out of 10 in terms of realism?
[Request] Need $24 for box of diapers.
[Request] Help finding work at home jobs
Homeless 22 year old seeking any help
Trying to make it work until next paycheck (20 dollars)
Need $66 for security deposit
I need help with $1.00.
[ request] asking for small food loan to help feed 8 year old
Need help with medical expenses - Bilateral mastectomy at age 30
Don’t mean to be a dick, but why does everyone need so much money for one meal? I could spend $10 and have food for a week.
Need 20$ to afford meal
$30 for gas to go to interview.
1-2 Minute Survey (Feedback from everyone is very helpful)
[Thanks] so much for helping me get camp supplies for my kiddos!
Sleeping on the floor hurts...air mattress help
[Request] New bathroom for my mother suffering from multiple sclerosis[About 4,700$]
NEED HELP FOR MY BROTHER DIAGNOSED WITH LEUKEMIA
Don't need hand-outs, need work!
Need advice on surgery recovery and service job (CA)
[request] $11 to avoid overdraft
Recent college graduate trying to cover deposit before moving in August 1st
just really want to eat ..
Wife's dad is dying, in the Philippines. Don't know if we can afford airfaire. Is there anything we can do?
I can’t keep making it , my wife and I are out of options .
Wife's dad is dying, in the Philippines. Don't know if we can afford airfaire. Is there anything we can do?
My car insurance is going to cancel..
i had unprotected sex
Help me help my baby sister.
In need of a flight ticket to see my SO.
I need some help, any help would be appreciated because I do not know what to do.
I just need someone to talk to
Would appreciate $15 for a meal tonight
I need $5 to get a meal
Over $10k in medical debt, cant support myself and pay it off with two jobs
Granting a Wish/Need Help
I dont like asking for help, but I'm beyond overwhelmed
So, I need a verizon refill card to keep on job searching, no wifi at home.
Reunite us
Looking for a small loan $100
Update + Need help with 10 art supplies [REQUEST]
PLEASE HELP
Please help my cousins dog.
Medical costs are eating us alive, just need a little help.
I need to have rent by today, please help if you can
Need Help, i'm in a dire situation
[REQUEST] $150 for past-due phone bill - my service was suspended and I need it for work. Will pay back with interest.
Please help me get back on my feet after a psychotic crisis sent me to the hospital following a series of events where a cult took advantage of me and more
My only income right now is from my art, and I'm two months behind on my internet bill. Just looking for some help to keep my site functioning.
Hi, my name is Brenden, and I have anxiety and am recovering from depression. I need help with college.
Needing support for dogs in need!
Please read the link below any help will be greatly appreciated
Power is now disabled, low on food...charging my phone at 24hr fitness center. What to do?
[REQUEST] Please help this 12-year-old whose rare disease is “Turning Him Into Stone”
Dental assistance
advice on how to get assistance for a dog shelter
[Request] $100 via PayPal so I can kick off my website idea. I can pay back $150 within 3 months.
Wired internet issues.
Considering doing something I shouldn't
Homeless and hungry in Denver
Family Who's Son had 2 Open Heart Surgeries Needs Help
[OFFER] I want to customize a doll for a child with a disability. Details in post. Crosspost from randomkindness
Please , is there any way to get out of this life??
I need 20 dollars to drive to the wal mart by my new job and sleep in my car till Monday.
Request Medical Assistance
[REQUEST] Helmet/ Bike help for kids
Advice on being homeless in nyc?
Cell phone on 30% electric has been cut off. Need $48 before 4:30 to turn on or else it will be more. What to do?
New job requires me to have active phone line. Phone is getting turned off today.
Need help converting a video
Please donate to my gofundme! I need new YouTube equipment as mine is not very good and I really want to make videos!
Website Help
[question]
Our home is stranded in Oklahoma...
Almost 2 years ago, watching a movie with my wife, my brain started bleeding and I went into a coma. I came out two weeks later. I now spend the majority of my free time talking with other survivors and helping them cope with the issues that come with it. I met a family worthy of my first post.
[REQUEST] Help spreading the word for dogs in need!
Help spreading the word for dogs in need!!
[REQ] 400-500$ for my dogs medical bills
[REQ] Need help paying electric bill please!
[REQ] (RO) In need of $150 to turn back gas
In need of help
[REQ] need money for a CAT scan for my dog
Please help share this, Cody and Emma from DaddyOFive's youtube channel have been enduring years of abuse. Let's send them to Disneyland, a place Cody wasn't allowed to go with the rest of the family.
[REQ] Have money in PayPal that I need to get to Venmo.
[Request] Need money to renew Adobe Creative Cloud plan
[REQ] Need help urgently. Scraping the bottom of the barrel!
Last post removed. advice on $48 to prevent electric cut off
[REQUEST]
Help me.
Hi Everyone - My Church needs some help and we would love it if you could help out
Can someone help me with this Reddit Issue?
[Request] A van
Need Help With Money For Next School Year.
I could really use some advice
My Friend in the UK Could Really Use Some Reddit Love
[REQ] [schaumburg, IL] Glasses destroyed and need assistance.
Need a guarantor (I'm willing to pay for the help)
I need 370$ to pay my tuition by the 22nd
Use my link so that we can get free stock.
Hello. I’m in a tight spot right now and could use a little help.
I'm so tired of losing this uphill battle
[Request] I need some help paying rent($400) can/will be repaid bi-weekly.
[Repost][Survey] Need help with responses!
Eviction tomorrow! I'm in desperate need of some help. $1555 needed. I have $738. Will pay back with interest!
I don't know what to do anymore
plz message me
Trying to get bus fare in Chicago!
[Thanks] You've made so many children smile!
Help this team stay together! https://www.gofundme.com/6-youth-football-team
Is there anyone that can help my mom out with transporting a dog?
Seeking for small assistance
Please help complete my bachelor's in linguistics by filling this survey! (native English speakers)
A friend of mine just died. He was on an episode of a Nickelodeon game show, and I can't find it.
Need car money. Please help
Need help getting to and from work for the next two weeks. [request]
What do you hear in this audio file?
OFFER: Free bus fare card for Manatee county, FL
Advice
[request] need a small loan of 10$ until Friday
Should I put my kitty down?
Need ride from Milam to Center Texas
What to do with friend/about to lose my patience.
Need 70 karma to post to r/Borrow
[REQUEST] This is my Hail Mary, I am in desperate need of help with my rent.
Elderly Japanese Couple loses their home and business to Flood
[TN] I just need to be able to think
Hey guys, needing advice!
[Req] [$200USD] I’m in desperate need of assistance please help me if you can
[Manitoba] I have debt in a joint account with my mother and I am going through debt consolidation, but the bank has taken half my mother's paycheck.
I need to borrow £100 until the 24th so I can get attire for my Nans funeral. I will pay interest on top. Someone please help?
School is coming up, we need a bit of help.
[Mississippi] [School] Teacher without air conditioning in classroom, needs fans desperately!
I need to get out of where im staying
Anyone know a good place or subreddit to do some market research?
Im starving
plz message me
[Request] $12 Paypal for transport
Emergency help with my electric will get shut off tomorrow
Need to borrow £30 paypal/Google pay
Grocery Help
Any help would be appreciated.
Emergency help.
I’m lost in life I don’t know what I want
$20 for Food! Will Pay Back this Friday!!
Phone call assistance
Please, please help.
Help with car payment
$20 on to have enough to buy a bed (Paypal)
Hell a queer out
[REQUEST] Really Need Help With Rent
Would it be possible to play current gen video games on this laptop?
Should I fight my dad?
Need help covering rent, bills, cat stuff and food
[REQUEST] Need $200 So I Can Get My Phone Turned Back On, Gas In My Car and Food
Help fund our idea for deceasing poverty
Need help going back to school
Is there anywhere on reddit that I could trade money I have in my PayPal account for an etransfer?
Please help us
[UPDATE] I need to post to r/borrow, but im 600 Karma short
HELP ME GET THIS HEADPHONE
Solar Powered Fans
At wits end
A wits end
[REQ] (RO) In need of $150 to turn back gas
Overdraft left me negative, need a little help - Thursday is payday!
Crohn’s Remission Awaits. Please help me on my journey.
[Auto advice] Urgent (Stranded) - Toyota Camry engine stalling after service
[REQUEST] gofundme for animal treatment
I need someone to send a message to someone on Facebook for me.
[REQUEST] quick help open this page
Need $200 for phone bill, can pay back wed 7/18
Today Has Been Officially Declared Wayne & Sheri Day - All you have to do to celebrate is do something for someone
I need a working vehicle
[REQUEST] Looking for some help for public transportation for week work.
Denver, CO - Facing eviction on Wednesday, can be avoided if I pay in full. Need $400 to do so
Hello
[Request] Currently living at a psychiatric hospital with zero income and no money to my name. Please read.
Any PS4/PSVR games not in use
[Request] Rent/Security Deposit assistance. $500-$1000 [will repay by 11/30/18 plus 200 over]
[Request] 38 dollars to get my antibiotic ,
$20 CVS for $15 on the cash app
Looking for some help to get me in the Navy!
[REQUEST] 25usd repaid by friday july 20th 2019 (googlewallet,paypal, or other)
[deleted by user]
Lost my job, having a shit month. Could really use some help.
Financial situation is making me suicidal, I’m suffocating...
I need a miracle
I’m almost out of toiletry items and I’m out of work for weeks due to being hit by a car.
I need a miracle
Help Getting to-from Work! US, TX
I’m a cheat
Trying this again - I cannot afford my medicine after being unemployed for three months, can anyone assist?
[request] diapers and pull ups
Going on three months without work, unemployment is dried up, interviews are taking forever, rent and bills are nearly due, and I cannot afford my medicine...
[deleted by user]
DV situation
[REQUEST] A childhood friend of mine has passed away and funeral/medical expenses are through the roof.
I'm here to listen if anyone needs to talk
Car broke down can't afford to fix it.
About to be homeless, advice appreciated.
Need to Get Disinfectant so I can give myself medication (NYC)
Down to 80lbs, BMI 12.5: Need Help
HELP!
[Request] Please help me get by until I get disability approved. I am now homeless.
F 22: Can't shit without ingesting 80-100 tablets on a weekly basis [serious]
Im broke....
[REQUEST] No food or money, please consider sending food
Need Baby Supplies and School Clothes After Cross Country Move
How do you stop the downvoting problem here on r/assistance?
[Survey] Behavioral Economics Master THESIS
[Request] Women's Cozy Fleece Memory Foam House Trick or Treat Halloween Slippers to make up for being a shitty boyfriend.
Work from home ideas?
[Request][UK] I need raffle prizes to help raise funds for my daughters medical bed
I need people to fill out this 3 minute survey. Trying to do some market research for a business I'm starting.
Stuck in a foreign country with no apparent way of leaving
Advice to Help Abandoned Single Mother
My neighbor abused and killed her dog. This woman was the only one to help me find justice. Now, I’d like to give back.
Assistance for a Struggling Student
Need Advice on How to Help Abandoned Single Mother
how to backup data when i dont have money
I’m at work without enough gas in my car to make it home. I have $4 to my name until I get paid this week. Please help me, I only need about $20
Trying to stay on my feet.
Asking for help my dad.
help with medical bills for a selfless friend of mine, husband/father battling colon cancer and thyroid cancer
I've been thinking on going to Community College despite not having a GED
Can somebody please help, I'm just trying to go to university
Hit by uninsured driver who fled, high deductible, please help!
Requesting any advice or help with a close friends medical / financial situation.
Helping Pupper Regain Use of Back Legs
[REQ] ($500) (Lockport, Illinois, United States) ($600 repaid on or before 8/10/18) (Cash App/PayPal/Venmo)
Stuck in a foreign country with no apparent way of leaving
My 21 year old brother recently passed, our uncle has set up a gofundme to help with funeral costs
[Request] Some money for transport
Financial advise needed, please read! (X-post /r/advice)
Im not depressed or anything. Just full of words. I need to talk to someone out loud!
How Can I spread the word about helping an abandoned single mother?
Please Pass on this Link to Help an Abandoned Single Mother
Survey on Phone Security + Looking for Research Volunteers, Earn $80 a Month (US, Android Phone Users)
Help an Abandoned Family
Survey Responses Needed for Class
Stressed Out Student
Desperately need help with medical bills.
Rent is 14 days late and am still $500 short. Please help so we aren’t evicted.
[Academic] Survey on graduate students (4.35mins)
Really tight week ahead
$5 for a bus ride (explanation in post)
Any of you have a link to that SNL royal wedding reception parody vid?
Thank you to some wonderfully kind people....
Need some assistance to not be kicked out and get myself together
[REQ] ($500) (Lockport, Illinois, United States) ($600 repaid on or before 8/10/18) (Cash App/PayPal/Venmo) [Post deleted from borrow because do not have 1000 karma]
A little assistance until I can get to a better place
Please help me to leave my house
This is a long shot, but I'd like to help my sister raise money for her surgery.
[Advice] does anyone know of any online jobs or good jobs that hire pretty quickly for those that have bad anxiety
Help my gig for paying my bills: I will get you 1000 LinkedIn connection
How to donate bone marrow
I've been homeless for almost a month now and I need help
[Repost] [Survey] [Request] Participants wanted to take part in MSc research on Effect of Manager/Boss on Creativity & Innovation at Work (must be 18+ & have work experience)
Survey link for the study for my MSc dissertation
survey for MSc dissertation
Is dire need of temporary help
Drug addiction.
In need of a cheaper car insurance payments in GA
Help with moving due to job relocation
VERY Temporary Pinch
Just been made redundant and struggling to pay rent and credit card
Need (hopefully) Short-Term Financial Help
Not sure what to do, financially and medically trapped.
Total car loss, what should I do?
Stranded in Honolulu & Homeless - Desperately need a flight to El Paso, Texas
Need financial assistance attending friend's wedding
SOS. Please help.
[Request] Please help me get by until I get disability approved. I am now homeless.
Advice or Housing in Southern Nevada Needed
Need tech etc to continue writing
Fly infestation!
Help in removing a stain
Branding Video Survey
[Request] Advice, Financial Assistance, Kindness, or Housing Assistance. I could use it all.
I lost my Passport, Social Security, and my Citizenship... and I need to travel in 2 week...
Stressed and desperate with nowhere to turn
Can someone help me
The kill shelter and only shelter in my town is crowded and needs donations badly
CPR/First Aid Cert
[Request] Really need some help
$5 Cartoon Fundraiser - Help me pay my vet bills, please!
Local rescue shelter flooded by freak storm
Thank you u/pocket-sauce!
In need of assistance for a 50 dollar phone bill and no help from family while on workers comp
[THANKS] /u/flamingcow for being an amazing person!
Need to turn my work phone on...I’m willing to offer inexpensive T-shirt’s or graphic design to those that help
[Repost][Survey] Need help with responses!
Please help domestic violence victim stuck 1100 miles from home.
Branding Survey
Need to turn my work phone on...I’m willing to offer inexpensive T-shirt’s or graphic design to those that help
Kitten with major health problems, parents in financial distress, please help!
Need a bit of help
Need help navigating the IRS regs
I broke my dad's 4k hd smart tv and need help buying him a new one.
Mugged, choked, and left for dead
[Advice] Resources?
I need this for my girlfriend..
Broke student needs assistance
In need of $460 ASAP. I can in return provide you with up to $525 on Newegg.
Need someone objective to help me move to my next phase of life.
Assistance For A Job Interview
Was in a wreck, severely injured. Now I am facing eviction and need some financial help.
Can you take this survey for a psych class for me? Thanks!
I need something I can buy from Amazon that is small and heavy, about the size of a normal adult finger
Can you help me?
SOS. Help needed :)
Visiting a new city, and my housing plans fell through.
Help a cute dog get a heart surgery.
28 male, in college, didn't realize I was being abused. Now I'm lost.
[REQUEST] Moving across the country to be my aunt’s caretaker, currently jobless and struggling to figure out how to make this move work.
Help to source Oprah Masterclass Seasons 1-6 outside USA please!
Some help with dinner
Please donate the price of a watermelon ($5) to help a dad who was crushed by a truck in a freak accident while he was trying to choose a perfect watermelon.
I literally need £1
Need Assistance!
New to this site and I dont usually ask strangers for money
Please help my kitty fight his autoimmune disease!
Desperately Needing A Hand Up Please
Just need funds to eat until Friday
[Request] 10 bucks for gas
[Request] just need to be able to eat, maybe put gas in my car..
Help! Need people to fill out two surveys for my Neuroscience study! (Chance to win $50)
[Request] Money for food and transport
$50 short for therapy, gas money, and oil change money
House Fire: Help spread the word
Could somebody please send me just $5 to my paypal. I’m having issues verifying my account and can’t transfer my money to it without a authorized debit. Will pay back as soon as I have access to my money. Please!
My family just suffered a house fire...
Small amount of money for travel expenses for a broke student
I need help to pay for a driving course so I can get a job.
Need to move need help getting GoFundMe out there.
Can someone in the UK purchase something and send it to me in the US?
Augmented Reality Topographic Map for a Title I Middle School
plz message me
Goofy redditors, I need your help for a cheesy birthday!
Can someone please help just today?
I'm researching how people organize their lives for a school project.
Need advice, found out my roommate has been stealing rent.
[Request] Help the young athletes at Betancourt Fencing School in Brazil.
Help canceling something
Instead of donating, pls buy my $4 cat art so I can buy cat food, etc. [REQUEST]
[Request] Help getting to My Psychiatrist Tomorrow!
Please help save yoshi!
I'M LITERALLY STARVING, CAN SOMEONE ORDER ME A PIZZA? I'LL PAY YOU BACK THIS FRIDAY!
I need help paying $100 traffic ticket for expired registration or my license will be suspended.
I AM LITERALLY STARVING, CAN SOMEONE ORDER ME A PIZZA? I WILL PAY YOU BACK FRIDAY
Really need help with my medical bills
Food? Or a distraction? Can't walk or drive!
Need $150 to pay my assisted living pharmacy bill or they’ll stop sending medication.
Research Relating to Political Attitudes Towards Memes
Please help my dog roxi with her surgery bill.
Looking to borrow $22 for food until Friday.
Help-very small financial assistance
Need $10 to get through till payday
Security of Digital Information Survey (18+, All Welcome)
Survey - Security of Information (18+, All Welcome to Respond)
Want free chicken from Chik-Fil-A? Mooooove yourself over there TODAY.
£32 PayPal loan to cover essentials until Friday (13th)
Need Help Voting For My Dog In A Competition!
plz message me
I need help
My Friend Broke Both Her Legs, Please Help Me Get Disability Items for Her
Can someone please help me order food? I'll pay.
Bottles & diapers for my newborn daughter
Thank Heaven for free Slurpees at 7-Eleven! When? Ummm...7/11/18. AND ... buy a Snickers bar on Friday/Get a free Big Gulp!
Question about EBT and I have no idea where to ask it..
Trichotillomania Fidgets
[Request] Need money for food and transport
connects in streetwear / fashion LA
Help me win Gudetama gear please!
[REQ] We've been evicted and our whole life has kind of fallen apart from illness
Feel alone
Sorry for asking but I could use somebody’s help on lending me a small amount of money.
[REQ] ($75) - (Phoenix, Arizona) Need help
Electricity about to be lost
[REQUEST] ( $15 ) - (#Rawang, Selangor, MY), ($20 on 11 July), (Paypal)
I feel bad for asking but I could use some money for food and transportation to appointments.
We found out my cat has lymphoma Friday and cannot afford the treatments. I need help figuring out how to get traffic to her fundraising link.
Anyone with a broken kindle want to help a friend out for trade in?
Stolen Money 60$
Hey Reddit! These little fosters are ready to be adopted, but the shelter is flooded with kittens. Please, help them and the others find their forever homes! (Los Angeles)
Need responses for a Survey about Radio! Please fill out if you can!
Need help with phone, car, looking for work everywhere
Payment to IRS is about to bounce, which will put me in default...
Cheap school books in Kentucky?
Need two (free) sign ups please will only take a minute
Need two sign ups please will only take a minute
I feel hopeless....
(REQUEST) Would anyone be able to loan me £21 (GBP) for DBS check
[Req] help with clothing items
[Request/Advice] Insurance lost, college insurance expenses, worries
Branding Survey
Uber Eats account isn't working. Will venmo anyone willing to order for me.
Someone E-withdrew $200 from my checking account at my local Wells Fargo bank on July 3rd, now I only have $0.75. Any advice for how I can get my money back? (I'm heading to the bank in the morning) Any help is appreciated.
plz message me
I don’t have a bad attitude
Can I find my stolen iPhone 7?
REQUEST: started a new job, check is being sent late. rent being auto withdrawn tomorrow.
Help Me Get To My Foreign Girlfriend
Need help with funds for eating disorder treatment.
Gas for work.
Need a 900$ loan for apartment I know it's alot to ask for but please read
Low of food due to unexpected wage garnishment
Request for a meal or a coupon and or advice !
[deleted by user]
[Request] [Survey] Need help with as many responses as possible for food survey for people in UK
What are those chairs with the horizontal bars for short people to rest their feet on called?
Looking To Began Career
I broke my dad's 4k hd smart TV and need help buying a new one.
Parents, I need your help! Please answer my survey!
[REQUEST]We need card senders to send cards to disabled children across the globe
How do you usually wake up and do you have any problems with it?
Help With Food
Short survey: Want to help shape the future of travel? (18-40)
Graduation date a flight risk on a resume?
Need help supporting a disabled stranger
Need medicine for my mom who has multiple sclerosis, please help :(
plz message me
Do bank drafts need the beneficiary’s bank account details? (Visa fees)
Do bank drafts need the beneficiary’s bank account details? (Visa fees)
Need help finding a place / affording a new place before the end of this month
I’m afraid things are about to get much worse
Please help me find some PVC connectors on the internet to buy (in a quantity of 6, not 2000)
plz mesage me
Need a temp loan for car repair pay back in full Friday
[Thanks] To everyone who listened to me and helped me
I need 100$ for shoes
[REQUEST] I need $45 to pay my phone bill; can repay or pay-it-forward this week.
My dog needs knee surgery and we cannot afford it.
Please help donate to my Dad, cancer & Parkinson's victim
Need help with phone bill so it doesnt get disconnected today.
$25 to help me and my mom get food for 2 weeks.
$60 to cover car payment help until 7/13 paycheck
$60 paypal loan to cover car insurance until tuesday
Looking for financial assistance on a personal project.
ASAP! Gas money to move belongings and get to new job.
Need some help cashing out my venmo balance to pay my bills!
Short survey about leaving Home. Looking for adults of European background between the ages of 18-25 https://goo.gl/forms/8pwWRKZ3RcJ08Fdr1
My fiancé died unexpectedly, help me get the attention of his favorite YouTuber
Mom diagnosed with Ovarian Cancer, need help with finding financial medical support.
Sick Therapy Cat. Please help
moneypak
Lost wallet with grocery money
Tuition help
Assisstance for my daughters birtbday.
(Request) Food
Bank Account in the Minus, Need help
I need help. I'm not sure what I'm asking for, I got myself into a big mess and I don't know how to get out
I’m a broke teenager who could use advice or assistance..
Free pizza from Blaze Pizza's L.A. shops, 7/10/18.
No dental insurance
My friend REALLY needs financial assistance to make a much needed move
I'm pretty hungry right now and really could use some money for food, i don't know what else to do
About to be evicted...
Help cure my Antibiotic Resistant Pylonephirtis (Kidney Infection)
I will pay someone $10 via SquareCash to write a poem
Can a bunch of people call my friend and just say a bunch of random stuff number in desc.
I could really use some help with bills
Help for some bills
Anxiety over stomach cancer?
Help with my anxiety to going to nightclubs
plz message me
[REQUEST] Need phone bill paid. Have an interview Tuesday, but can't receive calls right now to get more interviews.
I need to pay my storage unit before they sell all my stuff
(REQUEST) Would anyone be able to loan me £30 until Monday? Will pay back with intrest.
My pickup broke down
[Request] I'm really dumb, got a lot of overdraft fees, and I don't want to tell my Mom.
Ticketmaster have really upset my poor niece.Maybe you guys can help me cheer her up?
[Request] Need help raising funds for my friend’s dad’s funeral.
Need help finding a company that can make an idea I have as a gift
[Thanks] Helping my apt get a start a few months back
Credit Advice?
Car totaled in a hit and run
I need help. I'm not sure what I'm asking for, I got myself into a big mess and I don't know how to get out
Kind of a job?
plz message me
Domestic violence help
Need ideas for quick money or loans!
Has anybody felt with PayPal and an unjust payment reversal?
I need a few bucks for gas money+dinner for one night
Possibly going to kicked out. Need advice and tips. I think my situation has a lot of pros that can help me but I need help clarifying/rationalizing it. Also confused about sedentary employment. The more opinions the better please.
Is a payday loan a good idea?
[Offer] $10 Westfield gift card (Australia)
Request $80 for fuel money. $100 in return on the 11th
[Request/Advice] Just a question
I need people to play 100 games of Rock Paper Scissors with me- for science!
[Request] Cat died, not sure what to do now. (UK)
[REQUEST] Need cat food and litter
[Warning to others]
Where can I get free cat food and litter?
[Wishes] Help me knock this bbq out of the park! https://www.gofundme.com/help-me-make-an-epic-potato-salad
Just a little breathing room ($150)
My water boiler is having problems and Can anyone tell me why?
Short Survey About Waking Up
Unite the Zimmerman’s! Bring our family home!
Do I need to make an updated post or just edit my old one?
Injured Kitten
Financial Help/Advice? (Manchester, UK)
[Casual] Let's talk about budgeting. If you've ever saved up for something, this is for you. (Everyone) [Survey](https://www.surveymonkey.com/r/R6MQV5K)
Need 25$ on steam urgent
Need Immediate Help for Legal Assistance
Need roughly $60 to get us through a rough patch
Men's shirt for women
[Academic][Repost] Participants needed on study about video game sounds. Everyone is welcome
I'll gladly pay you next tuesday
Need $10 for a copay for prescript
My cat nearly died; now we're deep in debt
If someone you is PMing you asking for pictures
Are you in Mexico, or speak Spanish?
[Repost][Survey] Need help with responses!
Need help filling in the questionnaire
[Request] Last Bit of Help
I have a $5 Starbucks gift card for anyone that wants it.
HELP ME TALK AND GET A JOB (stutter) (speech impediment) (stammer)
Need help as soon as possible!
Food, Necessities, Gas Money
Can I borrow $30 to pay back Friday?
Some help.
Financial help
50 bucks for food
[Req] need to borrow $80, 30% interest, 104 pd back by 7/20.
100% DISABLED VET FORECLOSURE ON LOOP HOLE
[REQ] Uber card to get to work
Need help saying goodbye to my son
Education/ Help a veteran attend graduate school?
Need a bit of help with gas due to lack of funds from wage garnishment.
please help and share this post.
[Request] Help a Veteran raise money to attend Graduate School?
[Request] Deposit for Apartment,
Need Monetary Assistance Due to Custody Battle
[Request] Short on bill money, need help with two smaller ones
[Request] Short on a few bills due to legal fees from our custody battle, looking for short term loan please
Broke student needing help getting back on my feet
[Request] Help or Just Advice
Single mum in need of £30 for a week
alone
Laid off and 4 days late on rent.
$5 Jason's Deli Giftcard for someone whose in need
Need help and advice
Mom of NICU baby needs psych doc visit, can't cover cost.
Ive lost everything in less than in a year and it all started with Hurricane Irma
Would anyone consider making a small donation (~£1) to help our community farm?
[OFFER] $5 off Atom Movie Ticket
I messed up and took out a payday loan to pay my car registration, then immediately fell ill for over a week. Requesting a short-term loan of $200
Delay on refund for insurance is going to screw me
Is the appendix the only organ on your lower right side? Sorta mid way through if looking at it from the side.
I need some help.
please my friend needs help!!!
REQUEST: $35 Rental Application Fee
Project to systematically change the world
Looking for help to obtain Government Documents
[req] I need help keeping our phones on while searching for a job.
Where can I get free clothes?
Friend losing his life to depression and heart defect from birth.
[REQ] Car Seats for 18 month and 4 year old
[Req] My mother recently attempted, again. I need help getting her out of a toxic environment.
[request]Seriously just lived through a nightmare this week, asking for some support. Losing my faith and will.
Help my local animal shelter stay open and get my cat on the cover of the annual calendar
[request]Seriously just lived through a nightmare this week, asking for some support. Losing my faith and will.
Desperate Single Mama
Help Annika with her fight against cancer.
Trying to help a friend out!
Help Annika with her fight against Cancer
Searching for someone who can donate 5 bitcoins for future goals
Just looking for an online friendship with another woman (not romantic/sexual)
Assistance for adult education
$30 in gas money until next Friday
Anyone in the Barrington Illinois area that can help with a package?
I can offer a decent trade for food!
$50 for my anniversary
food
Could really use a helping hand.
96 Year Old Burn Victim Figting for Her Life and Has Lost Everyting. Can you please help and spread the word?
To learn or not to learn
Pregnant with three kiddos and need help with food and gas money
[Request] Hi guys! I was wondering if people could record a short video of themselves saying "Congratulations on your wedding Nick and Miriam!" for a globetrotting couple! Looking for as many nationalities as possible!
Do you know what causes this
[Request] I have to pay rent, NOW. Someone, God, please help me.
MEMORIAL / Help after brother’s unexpected death at age 38. Please feel free to share this campaign, thank you so much.
[request] #NYC not so simple request
Against all Odds
In dire need of help with utility bill
[Request] I need help paying rent, 3 months looking for jobs with no luck.
Does anyone know a reasonably priced, clean, reputable apartment in Phoenix AZ
Help out a broke nursing student?
Help a young man out!
We offer loans up to $35,000 for anyone in need!
NEED $30 FOR BUS PASS TO GET TO WORK
[offer] for someone that is hungry coupon for free jimmy johns sub and drink!
Survey about Scheduling/Planning Dilemmas
I need Lyft credit to go to and from work until paycheck. I just moved to a new place.
Just another girl trying to be able to do what she loves!
I was assaulted, stalked and now terrorized. My son and husband received death threats. We have lost everything and desperately need to leave the state for the safety of our kiddo.
Help Dillon's fight with cancer!
Assistance Needed for Suicide Survivor
Help out my friend with his statistics class project, please! ♡
Do you know what?
Car accident and need assistance with my deductible
Oregon assistance
Widow on Disability and my daughter’s 2nd Birthday is the 16th
I have no where to go. Read post history.
[THANKS] Thank you for the few bucks for food. You really helped us out. (You know who you are!)
Anyone willing to help a single mum with a food shop?
In-Between Roommates
Survey on Phone Security + Looking for Research Volunteers, Earn $80 a Month (US, Android Phone Users)
Lifesaving surgery for a street cat
Dire need of help over a private family issue
Please help 5 yr old have his surgery
help getting shed cleared out?
Homeless and working
Help us get our travel kitty home!
My fiverr gig
I need $25CAD to avoid my rent being taken out late
[Request] unexpected car repair set me back a bit (looking for $250 to be repaid by 7/14)
Help needed
Need £25 for overdraft fees to avoid going into unplanned overdraft
Just asking for a dollar
Anyone live near Bengen, Germany? Need someone to buy and ship me a poster. I can pay for the poster and shipping!
Need help
Literally $3 away from being able to pay rent + utilities... Willing to pay back/forward!
Help my dad wake up
Need help in purchasing H&M Gift Card US Store.
I'm desperate
Desperate car salesman
Hi guys, I feel pretty low doing this but i need help buying gas to make it to work
[Request] Stranded in a foreign country.
[ Request] Service Dog Campaign
[Request] I really need $400 for my rent..
Would so appreciate $50 for groceries
Would so appreciate $50 for groceries
No food for the next day and a half or so, would like something for my mother and I to eat
just need $20 for gas for the week if anyone can help.
SINGLE MOTHER OF 3 GIRLS. ESCAPING A TOXIC RELATIONSHIP & NEED HELP ASAP, TODAY IF POSSIBLE.
Desperate
My dad is battling brain cancer
Behind on my rent. Just received a 3 day notice. Just got a job. Get paid on Wednesday. Can start paying back on Wednesday if I get help.
GoFundMe : Help Sara go to South Africa to build better homes
[REQUEST] Got job offer; need help w/ childcare and gas.
[Academic][Repost] Participants needed on study about video game sounds. Everyone is welcome
Urgent help required with dealing with sexual harassment at work - please read!
From work to home.
2 weeks from disability hearing, special Needs single mom needs rent help, lost child support
[Request] is anyone willing to buy me a few kindle books?
Homeless again. Worst year of my life. I obviously need to learn a valuable lesson. Dang it
I got scammed by a fake seller
$2 to get something to eat tonight
[REQ] Can anyone help with food? Pizza preferably?
Bookworm recovering from major surgery needing small help
[Request] Need $200 to cover the rest of rent
[Request] Business Casual work clothes, and transportation
Need £45 for the next two weeks
Started a new job last week and check hasnt came.
Autistic And Abandoned
Im not asking for help... Im BEGGING for help!
[Academic] Social media marketing survey [UK 16+]
[Request] Help my mom retain her win streak and help her win £200 in vouchers she will use for groceries for the family
[Advice] Please give me advice on an awful situation
[Request] Need $200 to cover the rest of rent
My autistic friend mom is dying.
Please help me
Please help my brother beat End-Stage Renal Disease
[Request] Help finding a job
18 and getting kicked out
[request] to poor to afford stuff I want, because I need to keep buying food, paying bills, ect
[Request] 15-25$ steam card till my next paycheck
[Request] I need $400 for rent
[Request] $205 to pay phone bill
Papa needs a new pair of shoes... literally
Rent is in 4 days and I’m $400 short. Any little bit helps!
[Request] Please help me get by until I get disability approved. I am now homeless.
In need of 100$ to make it through
(Request) Help my Husband and I conceive a child through IVF.
Help in SD
Need a dollar for an offer that ends tommorow
$120 phone bill
22, blind, struggling. All help & advice welcome.
FFA kids had all their small animals taken.. Florida high school needs small animals to care for.
Raising money to help orphans
Wanted to share the idea i have in my mind
Desperately need some shoes for work.
No money for food for the next two weeks
$40 to make it this month
Are there any programs to help single mothers in need of newborn supplies?
Need $10 for next bus ticket for work
Can someone please help me and take a screenshot of this pdf page by page and link it in the comments? (Needs adobe)
[Offer] Have a child that qualifies for free school lunch (USA)? $10/month Internet from Comcast
[OFFER} [Offer] Qualify for Medicaid? Free smartphone.
Need $100 to put down housing deposit so that I can leave my abusive parents' house
Need help getting power back on
Looking for a reason to keep going
Please new grad and I need help paying for my national exam in occupational therapy assistant. I nor my family can afford for me to retake the test.
Please help my friend get his chest surgery! Only $160 to go!!!
Unusual request: Someone who has been through withdrawal of care (not as patient, obviously), who can tell me what to expect.
I am a victim of domestic abuse
[REQUEST] CATS IN URGENT NEED OF FOOD
I need feedback on my resume
In hole
[Request] Rent/Deposits
Single mom
I need someone to help.
Need to raise money for my dogs surgery
I need $13.81 for my UNLV college reservation fee
Help on my birthday! Not looking for money or gifts.
Request - Anything
[Request] Help with my service dog fundraiser
[request] food...
A/C fan motor went out in mt trailer and I need $150 to get a new one.
Request - used clothes
GoFundMe family in need
$250 short on rent - any amount helps.
[request] i have loans out on /borrow (and loans i’ve paid off completely), but i’m in need of another larger sum for my rent and bills.
In between checks and having a crisis.(pregnant and not able to make it to my high risk prenatal appointment)
Facing a crisis and my twins turn 10 on Saturday. Really want to get them a cake and present or do something fun with them.
[Request] $250 to make ends meet in Ontario Canada
[Request] $30 To Make It Until 7/13
Called off work for 3 days for stomach flu but it was depression. Need advice
[Survey] [Request] Participants wanted to take part in MSc research on Effect of Manager/Boss on Creativity & Innovation at Work (must be 18+ & have work experience)
Help my Venezuelan friend finish university!
Legitimately stranded in another city and the anxiety is real, £20 would get me home.
How to enable NSFW on reddit?
I Hear You
I need help
Personality and Pay
[Request] Vision and Video Game Survey
I don’t know what to do but cry
[Request] I need help with answers for a survey about Food, from UK (preferably London) participants.
What do i tell them?
Think before you downvote
In need of some help with electricity services
Need Serious Topic Suggestions for a Pre-Recorded 10 Day, 10 Minutes/Day Meditative Class Offered via App
[REQUEST] Please help support Piper's ACL surgery 🐶
Needing some help with overdraft
$711 stands between my family and total destruction....
Rent money
Cure the kittens!
Help After A Tragedy
Recently spent 20 dollars on a Green Dot card
Is there a site or subreddit for loan sharks?
Struggling Vet, life just disintegrated in the last 3 days, and IDK what to do anymore. Please stop removing my post im
Struggling Vet, life just disintegrated in the last 3 days, and IDK what to do anymore.
[Request] Daily chronic pain and illness, need any assistance with living expenses.
[Request] $3 on PayPal to buy a CVS gift card for a few food items
[Request] Missing my dog who died a few weeks ago. Could you comment with your favorite story about your dog? It will make me feel so much better.
Memorial fund for Chery Reed
[Request] Both of my sons Bdays are in the Next Week and Payday is after, Please Help
Struggling after relationship breakdown. £30.00 for food and nappies. England
I need $100 for the plane ticket to visit a sick friend in North Carolina
I'm desperate and need help with rent on the first. Hi guys, I'm in a bit of a desperate situation and could use some help with rent this month.
[Requested] Money to help me with medical bills and living expenses. North Carolina.
Help Oliver’s fight for cancer please read and share
Internet Artist is mad at me. What should I do?
Please help
Starting a graphic design firm, need help getting off the ground.
[Request] €50 for final notice hospital bill
[REQUEST] need milk now
Let's keep this beautiful smile alive.
[Request] What is wrong with me?
Please help me save our dog from parvo already lost my other fur baby to this because help came too late. Help Athena fight back this terrible sickness!
Bad situation made worse
$20 to Last Until Payday
I need 3000$ to take me through 3 years of university in Kenya for a degree in IT am taking advantage of the credit transfer program
Former Paramedic, currently on disability due to Multiple Myeloma in need of some money to get by until my next check comes
I don’t believe anyone in assistance actually receives help.
Guys! really need your help please
Only need answers and advice
update
?
[Request] Married w/ Pets - Homeless in a 5th Wheel, Nowhere to Park. Desperate to Not Lose Our Trailer. Need Ride to Doctor's Appt. (Portland, OR)
How it feels to be down voted when asking for help with food
why isnt my karma higher?
Anyone know of government programs to help get a job?
[Request] Foodless for 5 days, any help or tips are appreciated.
$20 to get us to the end of the week
[request]why isn't my karma higher?
Assistance with vehicle repairs
Just need help, looking for someone to help me with a loan or just left me in general. If you’d like paid back I’d be more than willing to pay back. I just started my new job after a 2 month gap for them to hire me in, put my two weeks in and they took their time. My tires are 150% done and need
Teachers get no paid maternity leave unless we pay into a private disability insurance which I don’t qualify for as I have a pre-existing condition.
[Request] Been struggling here lately but just found out today I landed a job I applied for. Could anyone please spare a little so that I can cover getting tge required uniform for orientation?
I lost my wallet and before I knew it, someone had found it and used all my money.
Pregnant and desperately needing clothes
Survey on Phone Security + Looking for Research Volunteers, Earn $80 a Month (US, Android Phone Users)
[Request] Insurance screwed me
[Offer] Lego offered for local pickup. OKC area.
Rent is due June 1 and I cannot pay.
Monument for Madison
Help! I’m Moving Out of State. How do I Change My Voter Registration?
2yr dog needs a new home
How much can a teenager lie on a resume and get away with it?
Need someone in the USA to call an ambulance service's billing inquiry number to see if they are operating or not.
University student in need of a laptop
Homelessness will probably be my greatest challenge thus far..
Request pet food and supplies help
[REQ] 297 dollars or my electricity will be turned off.
Please Support ADAPTIVE - The Mick Chapman Story
is it possible to get inpatient mental health treatment with no money and no insurance?
American homeless in Ukraine. My belongings were stolen
LATE THANK YOU!
Edurussia.ru reliability?
Any help is appreciated
[req] might need a place or the means to obtain a place to stay till july. I get veteran benefits every month guaranteed.
Everyone got out safe but...
Lost second job, won’t be able to make rent/bills, will art for help
Broke bride who just wants to feel beautiful on her wedding day.
ABA therapist going through some hard times
[Request] Help With A Bill
[REQUEST] $500 Short Term Rent Assistance
Job suggestions for extra cash? In need this summer until my lease is up
Hey guys just wondering if I can get some help paying a ticket.
[request] My boyfriend left with two months of our lease left - looking for help to make it til the end of August
[Request] Need help with move-in fees.
American homeless in Ukraine. I need help getting back home
Need money for food and rent
Summer grocery help
Help Needed with Food/Basics [US, New England]
[Request] A little bit of help to get me through a rough patch
Overdue Thank You!!!
Need Help with Gas Money
Passion For Knowledge
Got a job after long unemployment, but can't make it until pay day
In need of some additional help with fast approaching bills. Would appreciate any help at all.
Thinking outside the box for Buddy.
t1 diabetic plz halp
Short on Rent
Short on Rent
[deleted by user]
The girlfriend and I are starting a new life and her parents are less than helpful.
Pet bills wiped me out need help with bills till Friday.
[Request] Yesterday I've stepped in to these..
Need to between $80-100 USD to stay in a motel for the next two days
[Animal Request] I lost my best friend tonight and no I’m stuck with heartache and bills.
[Request] can anyone hear me?!
[REQUEST] Need help not being on the streets
request please help me
Offering pet food to hungry animals
[Request] Suffering with depression, need a little financial help with rent if possible
[Thank you] to whomever sent wipes and extras
My brother in law recently lost 200+ pounds and has a lot of excess skin that is giving him additional health issues.
Help me make it thru the week
[Request]
[Request] A relative of mine is suffering and is in need of assistance.
[Request] Help my two daughters (ages 12 & 8) get everything they need for summer camp? Willing to offer handmade art or goods in return!
Help me out as I face homelessness?
[request] food for a few days?
request Please read this.
Dug myself a hole to deep to get out of.
$120 Medical Bill - (#Toledo, OH, USA) (Pay $50 every Friday for 3 weeks until (7/13) - accumulating $150 for interest) (PayPal, BTC, Google Wallet)
A job
Small donations to help pay for new AC
[Request] Help me get a haircut and eat
[Request] I Really Need Help
[Request] I Haven’t Smiled In Weeks
Needing a little help or even just positive energy.
Never thought I'd be here
Prayers, Ideas, Donations?
Ideas, Prayers, Donations?
[Request] I havent smiled in weeks
(x-post from /r/slavelabour) Family struggling to pay for a funeral, willing to do many things for any price
Money for household items, glasses, and bills - anything you can spare, or I can make a wishlist.
Need some intellectual help.
I need $50 for groceries for the month
Wallet Was Stolen. Need info on acquiring new identification and licenses.
Just lost my brother.
[Request] help with baby needs please!
Help with phone bill
[Survey] I was hoping I could get 4 Americans to take this survey.
Need Help Finding Online Jobs
I am getting ready to make a post to address the issue of harassment and non-helpful comments - Please tell me if it is a good idea
Homeless need help
[Offer] Target Gift Card
Should i be worried
[Participation required] Could you please click this link and help me win something?
Tomorrow is my daughter's birthday!
Single mom just moved. Asking for small loan for food
Desperate times
Please welcome AspiringInspirator to our mod team
What can I say but thank you
Advice I could use some help...
AUTISM
I could use some help...
Haven't ate in two days
Assistance Getting Back On My Feet
I could use some help...
Graduate Student Seeks Funding For Literacy Research Project to Improve Quality of Life in Romania, Especially Among Female Youth!
Please help by sharing or donating!
Parents of kids in grades K-12 I need your help!
$60 to help with diapers and gas.
[REQUEST] 1$ USD PayPal
Lonely LGBT+ individual looking for LGBT+ friends
Need help regarding spreading and help to this noble gofundme campaign!
I need help getting my car inspected. :(
My family desperately needs a little help until next Friday.
Helping Vietnamese Children/Orphans with Disabilities
[Participants needed] Please take part and help me graduate (No requirements)
Helping a fiend further her education
What Is The BEST Structure Of A Dissertation?
I need to borrow $14
My Mom's Stem Cell Therapy for Knees to Prevent Joint Replacement
[Request] Airline miles
Need just $100 to cover a utility or we will be homeless.
Please help my family business.
$0.01 to my PayPal
someone smart, ambitious, cool, college educated, high gpa, wants to be successful, under 30, HELP ME
[Request] Please help me battle my health issues and help me get a short term place to stay. I am now homeless.
[REQUEST] need some help paying rent, I can pay you back when I get paid in a week!
Need assistance buying dog food
Need help buying dog food
My two sweet cats need a home Dayton, Ohio
[META] How about we stop downvoting so many posts asking for assistance.
[Request] $50 for vet bills
I need to trade a $75 United Airlines voucher for a $69 Frontier ticket.
Laundry money needed
[Request] A $30 Walmart gift card for insulin
I need to get across the world by the 24th of this month
I urgently need a small loan I can pay back with interest by July 14 or earlier
plz message me
in need of money, will do art for it.
[Request] My mom really needs this
I need help paying an autobill
Please, someone help me!
Need help getting a room for a few nights
I’m 19 from NY and have horrible problems
I need help paying for my emergency dental care.
I created my school's graduation poster.I am a beginner photographer so I don't have fancy equipment.I made it using an old borrowed DSLR camera and trial version of Photoshop.If you think my work is good and have a spare minute then please vote for me.
Need a Bob, a torso training bag.
Newborn preemie tapped me out
[Participants needed] Please take part and help me graduate (No requirements)
Rescue cat needs FHO surgery
[Request] Almost have a job but account balance below £0 and can't eat or travel.
Looking for this person, named lilin
Lend a hand for baby Alycia
[Request] Could really use some help
Can I buy pre-cooked meats with my EBT card?
Amazing Autistic about to be homeless.
[request] $120 for medication can repay $150 on the 29th.
[Request] Will do photoshop work for money. Need some extra cash to get through this month
Just a quick question
Pregnant and fell on hard times
[Request] Need Help Quick
Doinga fundraising for my dog's possible eye surgery.
Need help getting to work at my new job
[REQ] Bus fair
Fundraising for my dog.
I fell through the floor, our ceiling is leaking, and we are re using tampons. Please God someone help us.
[REQUEST] Desperately need help with another weeks stay at a hotel
Last resort and hope
[Request] Broke ankle, short term disability won't kick in fast enough
[request] Voodoo's hip surgery.
My poor puppy
[REQUEST] Disciple looking for master in any one of these fields - Biochemistry/Medicine/Photoshop
C-section in 5 days and drowning in debt stress
[Request] Help writing a post
Diesel Needs Hip Surgery!
REQUEST- My Mother Has stage 4 cancer, I want to give her the foodie vacation she's always dreamed about
plz message me
please message me
[REQUEST] Last resort here
I can't stop crying...I don't know where else to turn but here
I need to somehow make 600$ in two weeks
Desperate call for help
Help with pupper food?
Please help save my cat, it's an emergency. [Request]
Is there anyone who can help with our moving?
Help me pay my medical bill, I really need your help.
Help, just totaled car and no money saved
[REQ] Please considering helping with surgical costs needed before operation
[Request] Can anyone paypal $25
[Request] Looking for help with some food and household items.
[Offer] Shoulder to cry on, here to listen
[Offer] Lots of handmade things.
[Request] Reaching out on here bc sorta my last shot. Unemployed right now but ive got a few promising interviews set for this week. Car is very dangerous to drive due to tires though. Know its a longshot but can anyone possibly help me out so that I can get some tires to get to my interviews?
In Desperate Need To Keep Home, Car, and More
[Survey] Survey for gamer values and collecting practices
Can anyone spare 5 or 10$ so I can get something to eat please
Need Help Getting To College / Currently Homeless
Help me repair my college career and attempt my dreams.
Swallowing my pride and asking for help
Grandma has terminal cancer and just wants to have a bingo family vacation before she goes.
[REQ] a tim hortons/starbucks/visa gift card
Need help for a Case Study
[Request] $9 for lunch?
[£200] Help meeded urgently
[REQ] unexpected vet visit has us drained
Maximum amount allowed to request?
[REQUEST] Last resort here
Need help buying dog food for my pet Max
Please help me save my friend's cat, Billy Boo.
English-Spanish Translation for 2 sentences
Need help paying for a service dog
Survey for Teens regarding social media and phone usage.
Unfortunately requesting $17 to pay my phone bill
please message me
[request] I've been turned down by every church in town.
Can't get the negativity and suicidal thoughts out of my head.
Missouri st Louis
In Desperate Need-Medical Issues, Divorce, Out Of Work, About To Lose House
Please save my bachelor degree
Single Mom Needing Help
Houghton Recovering from a natural disaster
Please Ask Major Companies to Donate Toothpaste and other Toiletries to those Trapped in Border Camps
Starting Fresh with my Siblings
[Request] How to report a scammer to the mods? [Location: internet]
Gay kid out on my own.
$10 Grub Hub Coupon
Tire blew up while out of town. Requesting help! (PayPal)
[JOB] Profitable assistance needed.
Seeking participants for 7 day diary study - pays $200
[JOB] Profitable assistance needed.
Advice/Butt cheek healer
[REQUEST] Profitable assistance needed. redditors local to cardpool.com btc to cash kiosk / location will profit redditor +$15 for assistance
I have problems with procrastination. Now, I have a final project due tomorrow. Please help by taking a survey!
I'm coming to terms with my sexuality and I don't know where to go from here or how to tell people
Need to pass this survey to download an application to make flash player work on Smart TV.
Help me survive the week.
Help Aneursym Survivor Win a Vacation by "LIKING" Photo!
Does anybody know if I can sell a car if I haven't fully paid it off yet?
Hey Reddit, we really need some help staying connected right now.
[REQUEST] Trying this again.... Mr kadesh is on the hunt for sandwich making materials -going to work tonight
My sister has a fatal lung disease. Please, help her pay her medical bills so she can continue receiving care at the Mayo Clinic.
Just got into a car crash, in need of help
Getting my life together, and I don't know where to start
My downstairs neighbors smoke! Need help!
Stuck in Minnesota, desperately needing to get to San Diego
School Assistance
Looking for NYC (or nearby area) footdrop patients willing to test new AFO brace designed by College Students!
[request] EpiPen donation
Need $400 to pay car insurance
[Thank You] Huge Thank you to u/whiteivy767!
Request for Help Emergency
Shamefully asking the internet to borrow $10
Spider trouble
(Long Read) How do I talk to my dad about this?
Co-Working Has Sertoli Cancer, Figured This Would Be a Good Place to Post This For Help
Toy Pomeranian was attacked by Pit and Rottweiler
[Participants needed] Please take part and help me graduate (No requirements)
Long shot! Wondering if someone could help me with flight delay stats from 2012
Stuck in the Middle East, British Citizen, need a lawyer
[Request] [Academic] Tsunami Survey (UK Residents 18+)
[request] $10 loan repay with interest in two weeks
Preparing to Work in China
Struggling to make rent
[request] $30 for groceries and basic hygiene items
Please help me asap
End Homelessness
I had a heart attack in March 2018 in dire need of help.
Wanting to help start an after school STEM program for middle school age children. Don't know where to start.
My Aunts last wish
Financial Abuse and manipulation - asking for monetary help and any legal advice
How do I buy health insurance??
Request/butt cheek cut
Financially Drowning
I'm willing to do a 24 hour twitch video game stream for donations
Delayed payment, willing to......
[REQUEST] need suggestions or any sort of help. 21 year old college student Indianapolis, IN
[REQUEST] hopefully this is the last time I have to do this
[thank you] Reddit, you’ve brought sunshine to a really dark place.
[Request] Please help me battle my health issues and help me get a short term place to stay. I am now homeless.
Sexual assault/stalking victim hirt at work. Family moving home/lost job.
Stranded in Grand Rapids, MI
Wing Tel offers inexpensive Cell Phone Service on the Sprint Network (USA). My promo code helps us both. Hear me out inside. I promise it's not a scam (even though that's something a scammer WOULD say! haha)
I'm selling the only asset I have and I need help.
[Repost][Request] Academic Survey (5-10m) on Purchase likelihood of products in online shops - just need another 25!!
3 Hello fresh boxes
22 year old college student, I need to take time off work for surgery but cant afford to. Need Advice
I need $135 to help me get my car out of impound (Pittsburgh, PA, USA)
5-10 minute survey on veteran homelessness - Enter for $50 Visa gift card
Please help me pay my cat's surgery and treatments!
Need a Boingo access code
In Need Of Help With A Bill
Help with Funeral expenses for my Father
I spent too much on groceries
$150 university fee...
please message me
[Participants needed] Please take part and help me graduate (No requirements)
Student in need of survey results.
I need to borrow some money for a school payment for this semester!
Can anyone help?
I need help raising funds for an online library. It will help me earn a scholarship for schooling.
does anyone know how someone applying for disability and medicaid can get help with their application process? (not looking for a lawyer)
A first year teacher looking to jump start her classroom library & supplies
Two men, one 13 year old kid, and two dogs about to be homeless
My mother needs antibiotics.
HELP NEEDED. Can't pay rent
Cat with an autoimmune disease needs help for its treatment
Struggling to afford my medication.
[Request] Young entrepreneurs need YOUR help
I'm struggling to find employment while not having a phone to be reached at. Reaching out for help paying for a prepaid flip phone.
Small loan for return on 8th w/ interest
Please help our sweet little kitty!!
Help us raise money for Libby's surgery
[REQUEST] [Paypal] Borrowing $15 USD on 6/17/2018 ---- $20 USD To be paid back by 6/21/2018
Please help.
I need 500$ to pay for online class before July. Will pay back.
[Request] $20 for a few grocery items will pay back
I was scammed out of $100 and I can't make rent without it.
[REQ] $25 loan for gas, payback date 28 June 18 NLT 7pm
I cannot pay $273 worth of medical tests for my unknown hereditary heart disease
Four Halloween paintings to give away
Do people really get help here?
Use my link for new Google express account to earn 10$ credit free
[request] Surgery/resources for my friend in the Philippines with severe rickets
Please be kind
Broken and tired
Moving out with girlfriend, religious parents disapprove
FTM Pregnant & Needs Advice (Long Post)
[REQ] need help with funeral expenses
Please,I need help with a air conditioner warranty claim!
I haven't ate in two days.
[Request] One of my high school classmates has been in a near-death accident, and his friends have started a fundraiser for his medical bills
[Request] Co-worker needs help preparing for miracle baby
A Gift For My Partner
please message me
[request] need help filling up a simple survey (no more than 5 minutes) for college assignment.
]Request] Just started a new job. Ran out of adult diapers that I wear for urinary incontinence. Really just need to get through the next two weeks until my paycheck.
[Request] 3-5 minutes of your time to help with workforce engagement survey
Offer: $20 Domino's card or $25 Olive Garden card
Parents, I want your opinions on school involvement and child behavior!
Currently helping a disabled homeless young woman-Indiana
Thank you all! We have groceries and each other.
Looking for people who may of seen this ad before
NORWAY PEOPLE?
My sister is starting a new position as a 6th grade BD (behavior disorder) teacher, and would really appreciate some new items for her new classroom!
Buy a painting and help my dad get to The Other Art Fair in Bristol!
Need urgent help to graduate
Huh? Where did the chat function on Reddit go?
Need to talk
[REQUEST] Need participants for our research (18+, +/- 15 min, compensation provided)
[REQUEST] Stranded in another state and need to get home to my baby...but got screwed out of work and have no cash.
The vengeance of a corn cob!
Need help with a psychotherapy dog
[REQ] I've hit the bottom.
Food pantry advice needed
Help me my friend wants to beat me up
[Request] Anything to help me get through my Seperation
Help me help a friend
Trying to help a friend out
[REQUEST] Need ideas for giving a friend the best birthday he's ever had.
[request] out of money trying to get laundry soap.
[Offer] Free Meal Delivery Boxes from Home Chef (3 meals for 2 people per box)
Shareable Menu/Checklist
someone told me to come here for help with money
[Advice/Request] Please send me your favorite recipes
I need help with becoming who I want to be
Between jobs and need help in Charlotte
[Thanks] Thank you for the Amazon Gift Card, Zbg1216!
Just need to hold out
I've adopted a stray cat with a hurt leg and her kittens.
Help me win a school contest (like and follow) ((can un follow in 2 days)
[REQ]
[REQUEST] I had to use almost all of my money to replace my car and I don’t have enough left for gas to go to work
[REQ] [INTO]
Single mom, bicycle repairs
Our new kitten Zoe needs surgery
[REQ] emotional support/encouragement for a 5 year old who looked death in the face and said “NOT TODAY, SATAN”.
Need assistance if possible with catching some buses this week for Doctors appointments.
This was really hard to write!
In need of a little help!
[Request]I need 0.00335158 bitcoin cash(3 USD).
15 years ago I was stabbed in the neck & left a quadriplegic. Now I want to help & inspire others.
A close friend, gaming buddy, and potential father got into a life-threatening motorcycle accident.
I need new work shoes
Bike deliveries are getting too dangerous.
[Thanks] /u/BasicBlueberry for a Blue Apron box
[Request~!] Lost my headphones in Vegas, need a new pair!
Stuck in quarantine in Split, Croatia, and looking for help not going crazy with boredom!
[Requests] Assistance required for recovering browser- Firefox data (bookmarks/passwords/extensions)
[Request] A few dollars for groceries for a diabetic
Cool survey on how your lifestyle & possessions relate!
[Request] Friend’s emotional support dog needs surgery by a specialist after she was attacked
Reddit, I could really use your help.
In need of help getting transit pass back
[Survey Request] I'd really appreciate it anyone could help me get a few last responses.
I really need some help
No *real* friends
How do I get over a breakup?
Help me win invite contest for my little sister so she can get some of her favorite games online currency
Musician Need Help to get out of my car!
Need to borrow $20 will pay back $30 July $1st
Request: My cat Antigone needs emergency surgery
(Houston) Been kicked out of my house, need some food. Please help.
I need to be able to reliably get to and from work the next week and a half.
-Request- Rent/deposit and possibly "airline miles" to move
[Request] Stuck in Orlando
[REQUEST] Help make my apartment a little better to continue temporary custody & help me finish school
Thank you guys
I got scammed by a request
[REQUEST] Finally divorced from abusive ex, starting over with nothing. About to start my first job since all of this and I desperately need a haircut.
My sister has passed away, and I am just shy of making it to the funeral.
[Offer] Women’s clothes and shoes
The Butterfly Baby: GoFundMe page to help with baby Elias's medical bills
please message me
Help buying a Headstone for a murder victim
Hi guys i very need your help please
Need Money :(:
New Baby on the way
Donate money for my children a new bed?
Is this asbestos?
In debt, barely getting by
Can you help complete a 1 minute survey for a good cause!
[Participants needed] Please take part and help me graduate (No requirements)
[request: survey] My lab is conducting a language study (crosspost r/samplesize)
$500 for rent and unexpected rental deposit; also Walmart gift cards to help with food and gas would help too (Monetary, Oklahoma)
[REQUEST] 1 minute survey for seniors
Hey y’all please take a second to check out and read my story on my GoFundMe page , all I’m asking for is a share , if you choose to donate I will be extremely appreciative, have a great day 🤟
Come up with a cool tech idea and help out this study! $1,000 in prizes
[Thanks] anorexicturkey
Pls. Help my firends 16y/o son to accomplish his life dreams. He really does deserve this and truly needs you.
please message me
[REQUEST] [Southern California] Please help my family and my dog
REQ $30 for groceries
(Offer) $50 Amazon gift card for a Father
First time posting on here. Recently separated the Marine Corps and enrolled as a full-time student. Seeking advice entering the workforce.
Trying to finish College
[REQ] $20 for phone bill.
Medically separated veteran and wife need groceries
I'm drowning
[META] Why do people downvote requests on this sub?
How do I ask for a raise?
[Request] Power has been shut off, hoping for a bit of help with getting it back on
Mother-in-law kicked by horse found 12cm mass. Medical bills
[Request] $20 to get a haircut [Victoria, British Columbia, Canada]
I’m having trouble finding respondents to my 10min survey on video games and how players expect AI characters to move...
Help me track down this top for my little sister.
Please please please.
A little help
Need help with medical bills
I'm going to volunteer in a children's home in Bolivia & need donations
Looking for Lioton/Heparin Cream. Will Send Paypal or Return Favor!
Cant pay bank overdraft fee. Parents will be furious. Help
[ Request ] Some money for groceries [ €40 ] [ The Netherlands ]
Cant pay rent
Seeking advice.
My dad and I got into a physical fight on vacation, now im stuck. (Long)
Please help me with some money to find a job
Has anybody flown with Spirit Airlines?
Need money for metro to go to work and food
5.10 loan till friday
Urgent HELP to Survivor of Domestic Violence needs help with transition
Seeking Investors for Income Share Agreement
Awful circumstances have me behind on bills and now I don't have a reliable ride to and from work right now.
Just need some gas to finish work
Can anyone help me with this school safety survey?
Flat makes smoking inside, messing my OCD up
Struggling for money with two young children.
Shoes for a friend’s birthday party.
Help for food and gas money
Please help family for funeral costs,baby on the way. Thank you
$118 to avoid eviction (PLEASE HELP)
[Request]ing assistance to help pay for my medical bills and getting groceries.
[Survey] Investment Preferences Survey (EU, 18+)
(Academic) Lululemon Consumer Survey - can anyone into Yoga help us achieve our sample size? VU Grad school
Zen monk on a mission (on a bicycle) that he can't do alone
Wheres my white privilege at
Have head lice, need help
Two weeks without a job.
Friend Had Stroke Financial Assistance to Take Care of Him - MO
Assistance with Rent
Assistance to help me get by the week until Friday
[request] $6 short on bills
Need help finishing paying off minor debt.
I need someone to talk to im scared
Haven't eaten in weeks, never asked for help before but my body can't handle it anymore
Help Me Go To The One Young World Summit in The Hague!
I'm trying to build a music career... I don't come from money and I'm struggling for years, to find any useful connections / solution. My music is amazing! (So that is not the problem)! Fucking money is the problem. Who can help? https://soundcloud.com/dubtronious-dave Please read my comment too!
I need reviews for my internship
Requesting help to prevent taxing authority to take over my house..
Need help with food
Requesting help with rent..
Needing help paying phone bill
Haven’t eaten all day
please message me
[Request](Clarksville, TN) We're planning an art exhibit and fundraising event to support LGBTQ+ Refugees, please help us make this event a success!
please message me
[Request] [MA, USA] Help me pay for a plane ticket home to avoid homelessness
[Georgia, USA] I can't afford a doctor visit so I'm asking here
[Request](British Columbia, Canada) Our family of 6 has could use a little help with food.
PLEASE HELP ME
Please help me get through this summer semester
[REQ] No Money - Hungry
Please help me eat
College student IN TEARS (STRUGGLING) SO BAD
Broke, can't pay rent
Just got my wallet stolen with most of my money. Need some cash for grocery.
college student (SEVERE) Eviction process starts tmrw
COLLEGE STUDENT (SEVERE) EVICTION PROCESS STARTS TMRW...GOD PLZ HELP ME
Need volunteers for (another) interesting survey on personality & relationships
Anyone who can read sign language it will literally take 30 seconds to help and bothind else
Help please
[Request] House Construction Donations
College student (SEVERE)...IM IN TEARS
Craigslist Puppy Horror Story PSA
[Request] Give me money so I can waste it for you!
College student struggling... 2 DAYS FROM EVICTION
So weird
[Request] My girlfriend needs a $600 loan for her already delayed college deposit due Wednesday or else she won’t be able to attend school
Tuition Costs for University Student
[Request] So close; yet so far (Req. $20-$40) (Atlanta, GA)
please message me
Just Need A Temporary Netflix Account To Watch Some Movies :)
Request: Wish my bestfriend Happy Birthday
I just really want a bed/ mattress
Disabled and homeless... need help.
A gift card to my local grocery store would be very helpful, I have nothing for the next few days.
please message me
We're in Trouble! Please Help!
[Request] I just want to keep going to to my disability dance group :)
Having a brain tumor removed. I am poor and stressed. Trying to be less of both.
Rescue cat needs surgery
Rear ended last month. At fault insurance has done nothing. Trying to get an attorney but my Insurance advised him that I already had one.
[REQUEST] Got My A** Beaten - Need Your Help
[Request] Attempting to gather the funds to move
Thanks u/irdrddtallday for helping so many people!
19, female, and disabled. it’s my birthday this month and I’m going to be homeless. I could use some gifts for my car, or some cash for a room and gas. Resources for help are very welcome too! (long post, sorry).
Hello! Please fill in our survey about Steam for school
Team AJ Needs Your Help
[Request] groceries for a few days.
[Request]Not sure why I’m asking anymore..
Advice - Happiness
[Request] I need to get black BDU pants for work - first full time Job I've been able to find in 5 months since leaving the army
[REQ] Just $100
[REQ] Bluetooth keyboard or laptop/netbook so I can continue writing.
[Request] Family has no money, needs car payment to avoid repossession and unlock debit card. (35630)
MEDICAL REQUEST please help Nichole
My Friend Has Been In Prison For 6 Years For a Crime He Didn't Commit
Update on Ner'zhul the cat [Thanks]
Need Advice/Support as date of trial draws near for my daughter's murderers
please message me
We are working on a project funded by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC).
In urgent need of 20$
[Question] [Poetry] haelp me find this poem pl0x
[Request] I need help paying for my prescription
uRGENT hELP
Traveling in-state, do I need a visa?
Can anyone give me a gift card to my local grocery store?
My kids dad hit a bear this morning on his motorcycle.
Need URGENT Assistance Cancelling our Eviction On Monday 06-04-18
Fell behind on bills because of my Dad's death and circumstances, please help!
Need an Angel Sponsor for my wife of nearly 10 years and mother of my 3 kids to immigrate to the US from China
Please help my classroom & students
Assistance writing a Maid of Honor speech
Baby on the Way/First Time Mother
Need help paying electric bill
Update from last month and a request
Best Packing Assistance Services in Mississauga | Home Puzzle
Was wondering if any one could help.
Need help getting back control of my life.
[Request] Gift to my girlfriend
[REQ] (RO) In need of $100 (Paypal) - can pay back 10th August
I need Help
Request: need 325 By 3pm sunday(06/10/18) will payback 400
Payment dispute issue, money down the drain and filled with anxiety.
Help! Anniversary ideas.
Requesting 500 dollars will repay 600 on June 30th
A friend's mom needs help funding her cancer treatment
Help and amazing woman dying of blood cancer get a transplant.
Megabus ticket from NYC going to Philadelphia
[RECIEVED] Thank you so much Hellointhere!
I need a USB flash drive to have a productive, working computer again. I've exhausted all of my internal options and now I'm here.
Fell behind on bills now had a letter re eviction, can anyone help me.
I need to borrow £500.
Can anyone send just $10 for dinner?
[Request] Have a strange question/request and need guidance
Would like to use someone's Netflix account, won't impede viewing or mess with acc
My Gas was shut off today, I would like to request $167.09 to get it turned back on
Need to pay rent, willing to exchange custom art for help.
How do I protect my self against an abusive family member? / What to do
Looking for Help
[request] Help with rent until I have cashflow next month
Really want to make my dreams come true, Can you help me?
I’m extremely suicidal and really need to get out of my home, but I have nowhere to go. advice/resources would be lovely
I hate admitting that I need help...but I really, really do.
[Request]I'm desperately seeking employment. Lost 80lbs since I lost my job last year, no hope in sight. Please just tell me I'll survive this dark time.
Fallout 3 on Steam
In need of a meal :(
Hello, I'm looking for help moving and feeling safe.
Boyfriend and I in need of food.
Fundraiser for cancer surgery
Volunteer Fire Company needs help!
Survey for Type 1 Diabetes
I am a 42 year old male looking for a kidney donor.
REQUEST - my nephew has managed to get himself picked to play baseball for Britain!
Assistance needed to get out of debt
I need people to take my marketing survey
Requesting help with a few medical supplies.
In need of a meal
Can you help me?
Need Help With Unforseen Oncology Appointments
Looking for a large loan 15-25k quick turn around
If anyone could help me I’d be so thankful. Partner has lost his job and I’m 7 months pregnant and chronically ill.
Fundrising for Guatemala - PLEASE READ!
i just need gas for the next day. ten dollars would mean everything to me.
how do i handle my parents
college student in need of help, not a need but would be appreciated if you’d read
Help Transport Rescue pup from San Antonio to Austin
[request] 10-20 to last til Friday
Starbucks gift card for mental health appointments
Down Payment Assistance
Lost my job and don't have funds to move (Am also a struggling immigrant)
Hello reddit. I am a desperate Colombian student, Recently my family abandoned me and I need some assistance in looking for work or funds to pay for my student's renewal fee.
Please help me out
New Mental Health awareness non profit organization for a local high school is seeking out start up donations. #WHOCARES #WEDO
Help with getting new carseat
Need help with phone/food/an outfit
Which is the best subreddit to ask for advice regarding W2 versus independent contractor versus paying GET/sales tax? Hawaii
I need to move on. How can I make friends when I'm barely capable of caring for myself?
[Survey] Legal profession and legal information in your country
Emergency dental expenses. I have cracked a number of teeth from grinding during seizures. This has been going on for seven years and I am desperate to feel and look like me again.
Medical student finished her last year of studies, cannot receive diploma because of unpaid tuition fee, lost her mother last year in leukemia, assets frozen, we need your help reddit 🙂!
Jewelry Survey
I just need gas and some food. $20 would be a huge difference.
Need people to take a survey for school
My friend's car was hit by an 18-wheeler.
Flying to a different state for my job but...
plz message me
Attacked, beaten, and given a concussion (also hospitalized)
[request]
Attacked/beaten, hospitalized, given a concussion
[REQ] 200 for doctors appointment. PayPal Repayment 6/30
[Request] I feel like I’m drowning from life at the moment. Not sure where to start first to help or how to even do it Just looking for some support or words of encouragement
[REQ] Cheap laptop charger $15 on Amazon after tax.
Hey r/Assistance! I really need your help.
Looking to prove questionable legitimacy
Need help for school.
My daughter's cat is sick and maybe dying
[request] I get paid on Friday!
Request for help with 3 bills. Been sick.
Advice for Medical Issues
[Request] Help me earn some cash! (Referral)
Please help me find subscribers for the new subreddit I created
A % of travel costs
[request] troubles affording staging and surgery for our buddies cancer
[REQUEST] I'm from Argentina, and, as a gift for my GF, I'm looking for pictures of people from different parts of the world holding up a paper with a special message
[REQUEST] Urgent need of £200 for rent payment deadline tomorrow
Request ..newborn baby items needed
Fundraiser for Connecticut Children's Medical Center
Not looking for any cash, just food.
Take my Design survey and help me out for my University Project [Votes/Surveys]
[Request] Will buy you stuff on amazon worth 28$ for 30$ of cash in return so I can pay my phone bill. More details in description
Requesting a short term loan
Possibly drop your insurance cost and make money in the process?
[Request] Surgery for our pitbull buddy
[ Request] (Rent money:$550) - (#Rotterdam, Zuid-Holland, NL), (Payment:$660,- 08/01 - 09/01), (Paypal, bank transfer or what works best)
[Request] Participants for anonymous psychology survey about conspiracy theories
Looking for volunteers for a survey on foreign economic policy
Trying to win stuff
Single mom of four facing homelessness and out of psyche meds, any help/advice needed
[Survey] Respondents needed for online questionnaire about conspiracy theories
Sprained foot, could use a hand
In desperate need of help to get my baby some necessities
[REQ] (£70 ) - (#Dewsbury, West Yorkshire, UK), (12/07/2018), (Paypal with interest to be agreed)
[Request] Academic Survey (5-10m) on Purchase likelihood of products in online shops
I don't even know where to start...[REQ
[Request] Have recently finished university, and am unable to get a job locally as they know I will have to leave in a month. Any money would be appreciated so I can eat something other than Pesto and Pasta.
Struggling to eat and have enough money to pay rent/gas to get to school/work
I need $800-$1300 in the next like 24 hours. And I’ve just about run out of options.
Any Android developers want to work on an open source project that promotes meal-sharing etc?
Money needed for a family who's father was just in a terrible car accident.
[thanks] Thank you u/peakpotato
Can't pay Student loan please help
My recently adopted rabbit, MC Hopper, needs an abscess removal :( Can the squad help?
[REQUEST] Need to raise money for Gramps Chemo Meds
[Request] Too all good people, if you are willing to help me get some money to eat and
Could use a helping hand after spraining my foot
[Request] In an abusive situation and I need help getting my family out.
I really want to eat and try to get back on my feet, please just read this...
This is the first time I’m asking here for help but I don’t know where to turn to. Need some money to eat.
[Art Commissions for Assistance] Food insecure and losing housing soon
A family just needing a little extra help
[Request] I just got my Car diagnosed today its 500$ fix
(Request) I’m looking for someone who can translate some small text from Spanish to English.
SE MI Homelessness-Related Nonprofit Needs Material Assistance with New House of Hospitality
[MED] Help Me Get My Smile Back (literally)
Urgent & Caught in a bit of a bind, just need some help until Friday :/
[Request] Does anyone happen to have a spare unlocked smartphone?
Ran out of gas
Need help buying a guitar and amp
Just fell into homelessness. Food stamps were cut off.
My friend needs help paying his attorney off or else she won't represent him in the final trial of a custody battle. Story in the post.
To make a long story short, I am kind of short on cash and my cell phone bill is due the 6th. I get paid from my overnight grocery store job on the 7th, but...
Cancer Sucks!
Help paying our rent so we don’t get evicted
A bad habit
Need a couple of bucks 20$ to $50 Hopefully
HELP A BROTHER STAY AWAY FROM CRIME
Mental health advice, general life advise, where to find more help.
Anyone know where i can find a multilayer chip capacitor supplier?
Stuck in Wisconsin.
Doing a study on The influence of social identity and herd mentality
After some unexpected bills and expenses, I’m not able to pay my rent this month. I desperately need to loan $900 from somebody.
please message me
Trade
[Request] Any baby items- Very Urgent
My interview clothes are shredded. I need help.
If anyone wants to maybe donate to something that might help my depression, here's a link
Raising Money for Service Dog
Can someone help me to remove this bathroom's light?
My Cat Needs Help
Can you fill out a short survey on smartphone usage for my final year project?
Its ny daughter's 5th birthday and as of now, no oarty for the second year in a row
[REQ] Gas
[Request] help a dog with fleas
Reply to
In need of an emergency Vet in the Charlotte, NC, Hickory, NC or Upstate, SC area
Baby on the way/first time young mother :)
My friend broke both of her legs & just found out that her house was sold. Please help me figure out how to help her!
Need help collecting data for a short survey
Moving back to Oklahoma City pretty soon and would like to help out a child in need.
Moving back to Oklahoma City pretty soon and would like to help out a child in need.
Advice- I don't know what to do from here.
I need someone who knows about this. I was a child immigrant who was severely abused for years but kept quiet due to my status. What should ideally happen for someone in that situation?
Grieving family needing help!
I need help!!
A couple days away from an eviction notice, any help appreciated!
Just struggling until payday. Could really use some help.
Need travel vouchers!!!
Need travel vouchers or buddy passes to get to Oslo!
[REQUEST] 30$
I'm an asthmatic and this week I'm forced to pick between groceries and my rescue inhaler.
Rent me your house.
I need a used car.
[Request] Please upvote this so I reach 300 karma
Need help
Help- With a criminal case. Facing 7 years. I am a domestic violence survivor.
Advice Wanted: I Need a New Pain Management Specialist.
[deleted by user]
Need help with a little bit of everything...
Need help until the 19th of next month
[Request] Help fund my Donors Choose Project Please!
[Request] Help fund my Donors Choose Project Please!
Need to barrow $30 via Zelle for gas & dog food until Friday, can pay back. (Reno)
[Request] I am hoping to get a kitten - anything helps
Need help $30 for gas/dog food in Reno, NV. can pay back $35 on Friday!
Need bus pass to get to work
[Request] Please help me not be homeless soon
Detoxing from alcohol need Gatorade aide a few dollars.could help.
Hey so I don’t know what to do
Would anyone be willing to lend me 50 dollars via Zelle that I can pay back tomorrow?
Quasi-homeless in Denver, CO. Could use help with food
[Request] $60 so I can take my son out for his birthday [Square Cash]
|REQUEST| Can a kind soul check out my YouTube channel?
Where To Find Candy Corn And How To Ship It?
[Request] Need help getting new phone
My life is falling apart.
[request] please $60 to pay for my expired tag, living in a very secluded area and driving is a necessity
i need help.
[req] $2500 to be repayed at $2750 by 6/19 at $230/mo (pittsburgh, pa, usa) (venmo)
[REQUEST] Asking for $40 for gas to make it to my new job
I'm at the end of my rope and don't know what else to do
I'm starting a new job after being in the hospital. I need $40 for this week's commute.
Sometimes you have to swallow your pride...
[thanks] Thank you so freaking much u/IronBallsMcGinty for the help!
please message me
A trip to rome with Brent
Helping my widowed mom with expensive home repairs caused by Irma
[Request] $350 for a new a bed. willing to pay back later.
Assistance needed to help with bills and other costs - DESPERATE
Need help deciphering an online court decision.
Just a high risk investment in me.
[REQUEST] $1000 Loan - PayPal - California: Will pay back $1300 in full by July 1st, 2018. Children involved, mildly urgent! Please Read <3 PROOF AVAILABLE
Trying to raise 1,000 dollars for a childhood cancer bike ride in 8 days.
Remix Artist's dog needs surgery. Donate if you will.
[Request] Baby stuff for a baby survivor
need money for college books and new laptop
Need at least 0.01 ETH to save my EOS money
Need bike for work transport - Country and paved roads.
Need money for a engagement ring
Im looking for advice on how to end my fear of the hospitals bad news.
A trip to rome with Brent. (Gofundme)
Trying to help my Dad start a family business and turn our hardships around
I need help with rent and bills. I'll pay back in a week with 10% interest.
Anything to help our little family.
Need $15 so my bank doesn't overdraft and charge me $36 tomorrow... anything helps!
Aid for Battling Cancer
[Advice] How to raise money anonymously?
[REQUEST] [UK] Down but not out... yet
Homeless w/ 5mo baby in Chicago
[REQ] short-term funds
Funds Assistance for 2 weeks
Need help with school project, just an interview question
Please help me get rid of flies.
[Request] Help with the fabulous Miss Molly's Surgery
Help with partial lawyer fees to avoid a abusive relationship
Box top update
[Request] Need $60 for gas so I can get to my job, and to help get essentials like toilet paper. Willing to pay back.
[deleted by user]
[REQUEST][US,FL](on vacation in BR for the next week and a half, then back to FL] Please help me save my cat who has a urethral obstruction.
Refund on a closed back account
[REQUEST] Four question survey on how willing United States men over the age of eighteen would be to participate in a penis measuring study.
Delicious,crunchy,gooey, POPCORN
[Request][USA, FL] Need 150 for food, gas and toiletries for next week
Can anyone spare $30 for a tank of gas?
Monetary Donations needed for our school Cancer fundraiser
How can I help on this subreddit
Please help me raise some more for my Gofundme. I just need a little more help with my
$5 for some Ramen and bananas
Food in the form of a gift card or an order
[Request] Housing buddy? Daytona FL.
Need assistance
Need some Facebook likes
[Request][UK]Please help me buy a safe place for my disabled daughter to sleep
lost my job and now I don't have money to buy my dogs food
Help For Me and My Children
please message me
Single mom need help
Help with first weeks rent on an RV for job relocation.
[REQUEST] [UK] I am in dire need of £400 to pay for my final month's rent
Trying to register
Please Help Share My Campaign
[REQUEST] [UK] I am in dire need of £400 to pay for my final month's rent
[UPDATE][THANK YOU]Help me get through just a couple of weeks while I pray for a miracle.
Need to move desperately. Any ideas to make fast money?
Can you help me with just 1 click on a video? You don't have to watch it
[REQUEST][MO] $380 short on utilities due to pay gap starting to job
[Request] Need gas money to get to an interview.
Room in exchange for services?
Dad and i are homeless need some assistance for food $30 is fine
[Request] Verified Paypal to Make a Purchase
Help my town win a new kids park
[Request] [Philadelphia] Working a double and no food! Can you help out?
In the er
Desperately need $300
Hello, in need of advice or jobs to help raise money for my moms funeral
Need participants for survey for class!
please message me
[Request] Help me fight MS,COPD, & Arthritis
*Question*
Looking for a ray of hope.
Can I send my Samsung 6 Edge to the Philippines and will work on a different carrier by switching the SIM card and if not is there a way?
Travelling predicament
Hey, a little help here?
Job won't get back to me for 3 weeks need help!
Lend me money so I can eat?
[REQ] Mutually Beneficial Proposal
Nearing Homelessness due to medical injury
Am a finalist in a contest, need as many votes as possible.
Living on my own + student loans 😩😭
Leukemia sucks
pls help my friend​
Dosh
My dogs tumor is coming back...
Kittens need a good home
[Request] I need Windows 7 for school
[Repost] A quick survey on thoughts on Nike and Adidas footwear. (Link in post!)
Hello, I'm doing a survey to see how people have heard of my country, hope you guys can help.
Looking for some financial help. Any amount will do.
[Survey] Doing a survey for school about Spotify, need some participants for it
Need assistance with making rent on the 1st of june
(Request)Need Scholarship to complete my Pharmacy
$15 for food
Many PetSmart stores are purging inventory.
[Request] Help desperately needed, mentally ill, disabled
Alone And Broke In A Foreign Country. Anyone Willing To Help?
Teepalig Gbeogo: Community Development Project.
(M18) I need some money to get my life back on track.
[Request] please help my cat.
[REQUEST] Hospitalized for 3 days due to liver failure, insurance won't cover any further.
Need help desperately with DWP (electric) before 5 p.m. today
NSF Bootcamp
[deleted by user]
[REQUEST] $146 via Paypal. Will pay back June 1st
Small Short Term Loan for an Uber ride?
Questions about EI and financial help New Brunswick Canada
Lost my job 2 months ago, now I don't have money to feed my dogs
Doing a survey for school, but can't find enough respondents
Support Ellicott City https://gogetfunding.com/ellicott-city-flooding/ ( I don't own this campaign )
Looking for assistance to help our family
Help with Rent ($400)
not sure what to do now, please give advice
Need $475 to pay rent-- will be able to pay back Friday with $20 interest.
My friend just paid the vet, and her cat didn’t make it out of surgery.
[Request] Could someone proof read a letter I wrote?
I need someone to answer 10 questions about themselves
I need $10 to buy milk for my one year old son.
Trying to sell my things at farmers market but can't afford to
RV Housing Issue: need a new place ASAP after domestic violence (CO)
should i get a chest binder for cosplay?
[Request] I need an artist!
Help I'm Being Kicked Out at 18 (NH) Donations?
I need $60 to help pay rent
[Thanks]For the $5 for Gas! You Know Who You Are!
Need gas for work, WILL PAY BACK!!
Need bread, eggs.
This is a desperate attempt
Can anyone help me find the full copy of an after action report, for my great grandfather who was killed in WWII..?
[Thanks] many thanks to u/backpackwayne and u/falcompro
Help me till I get pay
[request] clicks to signup for swagbucks(Get a few extra dollars)
Request - paying off medical bill
Help
[Request] I need help with the cost of surgery!
Need $74 to pay for rent. Will pay back that amount plus $26, including a sketch of something you want drawn and an item you would like from Amazon if you want (from a gift card I had).
[REQUEST] Severly broke. Urgently need about $30 to apply to a university. Deadline is in less than 2 days
[Request] $200 to Cover Until Friday.
Apartment keeps flooding!
[REQUEST] Help getting to walmart? south carolina
Would someone sign up for swagbucks so I can get a referral?
[Request] $65 to Cover Rent
[request] gas money to get to interview
I need to pay or face eviction.
Help/Tutoring with Angular and JavaScript (About 1-2 hours)
Please help with my Aunt's dog Teddy
Anything-Housing for 1 night tonight, food, clothing, Uber-House fire made me homeless overnight
I’m from Rochester NY and I’m 19 and in need of help.
Small amount of money to help student with food and travel expenses
Soon to be Single Mom
please talk to me
sketchy link i got from someone idk
please talk to me
Would anyone be able to help a college student with basic cooking supplies?
[Thank you] u/watchfanatic1!
Anyone have 1$ to spare?
Please help ❤️
[Request] grocery / pizza
please help me
Testicular cancer spread to lymph nodes. Financial aid and advice, please.
Anyone want to donate internal tick treatments for two dogs? Where I live is out of control and baths and topicals are not working.
I need help
Help me get this petition more signatures.
Pray for me please
I need help signing a joke petition for my friends
Request: in need of $40 via western union
Need help getting medicine
A quick survey on "Knowledge society" -- I'd really appreciate any responses.
[Thank You] Thank You!
Hoping someone can spare $15-25 to help me make it to the end of the month.
{Single mother with 1 child}Please I need help right now I have due bills and rent coming up
Can anyone trade $10 on PayPal for $10 from Venmo?
[Request] Help me get through just a couple of weeks while I pray for a miracle.
Martin's finger need some help
Helping out my friend
How Transporters Come Up with Cost of Shipping a Car?
She left me in a town where i dont know anyone.
[Survey] Quick 2 min survey about individual perception on people of other origin
The VA Made an Error The Same Month That I Moved. I'm Out Of Food And Money Until The First.
I've never asked for help before in my life.. I think I need to now
[Request] Help me fight MS,COPD, & Arthritis
[Request] (Advice also welcome) I'm trying to make it to my first paycheck but 480 short on rent.
Missed work due to mental health issue do no get paid time off suggestions on what to do?
Help with getting a terrarium
[Request] Deployed need help! (USMC Infantry 0351)
Can anyone help with a flat tire?
Hoping to help young talented sibling accept big opportunity
Girlfriends Dream Surpirse
[request] books or dvds for two toddlers
[request] Borderlands 2 on steam for $5!!!
[REQUEST] We need help paying our dog's surgery bill
[request] Help us build beds for our children.
[REQUEST] Need help with down payment on phone
Help a 'real' Alley Cat in need...
[Request] Help pay some bills to balance out care package long term illness cancer and renal failure.
Help me and my family turn on the lights (pg&e)
Help Homeless Female in Small Town Get a Hotel Room
Big plans took a turn for the worst
Need Info/Help on Foot Pain
Dental School Help :(
Guys, My friend Pavan Kumar (Roll no. 17ME10036) from Indian institute of tech-Kharagpur needs help immediately for a medical operation. He is from a poor background and the operation is very expensive. Please goto the link see the verified documents and please try to donate how much ever you can.
[REQUEST] I'm a full time carer for my mum, struggling with bills and would appreciate any help.
[Request]Help Martin pay his Medical bills https://gogetfunding.com/help-martin-pay-his-medical-bills/
Trying to help my sister.
[REQUEST] HELP ME NOT BE ON THE STREETS
Pray for me guys
Re-posting Request - items needed for son's wedding
[REQUEST] Help with money for train and taxi my mum and son have just been involved in a car accident
Need help with Rent
Was invited for EA playon June 10th... Only problem is I'm a disabled little person on a powerchair.
(Request) I feel so beaten right now, picked up extra shift, I need to be reminded things are okay before I go in please!
[REQUEST] Need food in Valencia, CA
[Medical] I am moving across the United States to provide in-home care for my ailing grandfather. He requires multiple surgeries and cancer removals.
[Survey] Looking for Airbnb users for thesis survey
Dying of a rare type of colon cancer, need help with bills and final expenses
Survey for my BA thesis on computer games in learning English, pls help :)
Let Me Earn It
Need a twitter
PLEASE CLICK AND RETWEET THIS LINK
[REQ] $1000 to help with some expenses
Dying of a rare form of cancer and in alot of debt, could really use any help, thank you in advance!
ideas about how to start a fund me campaign when I haven't rich friends or family ?
[Request] $200 for school
Just wanted to share the gofundme of someone I know.
[REQUEST]: I had to leave most of my kids stuff behind. Need clothes/shoes, maybe toys/activity books.
BA thesis - Survey on Computer games in learning English as a foreign language
[Survey] Feelings Concerning Mental Health
I'm not sure if this is the subreddit for this but i'm not sure where else to turn too. We were hit with a cancer scare recently and now we're really struggling. I don't want my wife and dogs to lose our home.
Family with 5 kids losing their home...
[REQUEST] Need help catching up on rent
Please help a postpartum mom & her family
[REQUEST] My car is in the shop for the next week. Would really appreciate help with rent.
[THANKS]ACESTOUT2810
I'm a high-schooler trying to help people through affordable event consulting. Please help by filling out this survey!
[REQUEST] I am hoping someone could lend (or gift) me $25. I need to pay my power bill and I can pay you back in 2 weeks.
[ REQUEST ] Please help my friend get back on his feet after Cancer and Paraneoplastic Syndrome!
[Thanks] u/goldenemmett
Survey - Digital Distribution in the Videogame Industry
I'm still a student, but i need a job.
[Advice] I made a post here two nights ago. I need advice/help please.
Trapped in Appalachia
[Request] NYC unlimited metro card I don’t have enough money for both food and fare. Choosing food. Can someone please help me out? Any kind of metrocard is fine but unlimited makes more sense for me m. Thank you.
[REQUEST] Gas/grocery store/visa gift cards (USA)
[other]need help to continue my study abroad
[REQUEST] Really Need Some Assistance
Help! Drug test!
[REQUEST] Need help on bills.
My friend got a mystery package from Vietnam
[REQUEST] Someone with an iOS device located in America to download an app for me
Help me fund my boobs!
[request] A USB flash drive
My friend has a shot to get one of her photos on the cover of a wedding magazine! Will you please help her out by voting for it?
[Survey] Help me with my psychological study on Call of Duty.
[SURVEY] Please take part in "Worldly wisdoms / dilemma situations and personality" - my Master thesis (15 min)
Help with 1 month flea treatment.
Looking for financial help- $120
[Request] $100 to help pay rent
[Request] 25$ For Gas and Food until next friday
Can someone please give me some advice/help?
Looking for respondents for my academic survey (3-4 minutes completion time) regarding healthy food choices. Giving away 10 one-month Spotify Premium gift cards to random respondents, I have to crush this deadline.
[Request] Kind of more of a trade if willing SouthCarolina
Unexpectedly lost my job a few months ago, returning to work soon but still need help to get through the next month. [North Carolina]
Wife and mother of 4, grandmother of 4 needs cancer surgery
Any help is appreciated
[Req/Advice] I feel my life falling apart and I don’t know what to do...
[REQUEST] I spent the last 18 months getting sober and losing 170lbs and now need surgery because of excess skin
Please help my local humane society.
Need someone to help me with an SMS verification (EU)
[RO] In need of $100 (Paypal) - can pay back 10th August!
Please help Harley
If you live near a Toyota or Nissan dealership, you could help me because I live in the middle of nowhere
Help my girlfriend go on her dream mission trip.
[REQUEST] STUDENT NEED USED/SEMI-NEW SNEAKERS
$75 Loan to take my dog to the Vet
[REQUEST] $20 for gas till Friday.
[Request] attempting to make ends meet.
Help Abuse Survivor get to College
[Advice] I need help. Please.
Requesting $800 for car repair. $50 interest.
[request] student seeking £10 for travel
I need help to save my dog. he needs Total Hip Replacement Surgery
Could you use my referral and fill this survey 5 mins thanks
[REQUEST] Grocery store gift card
Bit of a strange request here, but help.
(REQUEST) Pizza on a warm sunny day
$40 to cover me until the end of the month
Is buying pre installed software a good idea?
[Request] Repost of my Millennial/Resilience Study. Only need 20 more responses. Please help. (18+)
Please help me get some responses to this survey that I'm working on for my research class
Nonprofit Community Club Looking for any Support!
Please Help my Hawaiian Friends
I’m looking for resources and ideas to help a friend whose husband has been diagnosed with cancer
[deleted by user]
Mediation went Terribly (Dad has a Traumatic Brain Injury)
Day 2 of homelessness.
Could you help me to take this 5min survey about tutoring for my school project? THANK YOU SO MUCH!
[REQUEST] 6th Grade Girl Needs Help to Get to Volleyball Camp
I don't know if anyone can help me, but I hate my life right now
(REQUEST) Desperately In Need Of Short Term Loan. Non R/Borrow Eligible
Please help in /r/anger
My cousin is trying to pay for a poor doggo's amputation.
[REQUEST] Needing money for some cat food, maybe some human food
My husband received unexpected job transfer....we need HELP with moving costs!!
Help! Stranded RV in Madison,WI
Call out to Madison WI, broke down RV trying to get home.
Please help us in designing an AR experience! [All welcome]
[OFFER] $30 worth of Similac coupons
[request] I need some bucks to last me until Friday. ~$20
[REQUEST] $200 VIA DIRECT DEPOSIT, WILL PAY BACK $230 6/16 #RENO,NV
please message me
Housing and rent related
[REQUEST] Can anyone gift me a $25 giftcard to my local grocery store?
My car has officially broken down again, needs new brake pads and rotors. Will pay back. ($350)
[Request - Update] Need to borrow $15 for a few days
Day 2 of homelessness
Pregnant gf 22 weeks please help with vitamins, fruits, or electrolytes.
Pregnant girlfriend needs vitamins
[Survey] Sandia National Labs Awareness Survey (Current Undergrad/Grad STEM Students)
Can somebody help me and my parnter with a little money just to get us by until Sunday? Will pay back $30 extra.
Please help my friend Mona who needs surgery for her pancreatic cancer
[REQUEST] $260 for a bus ticket from Orlando to Seattle.
[ADVICE] Scallop Fundraiser is a scam.
Need to help my parents.
About to be homeless
PLEASE HELP!
Can anyone help me
i cannot afford food or water
[Request] I need a little help making a D&D Podcast
Diapers
I'd like to purchase a few small fabric pouches from someone who can sew. (Or just from someone who has something similar)
[Academic]Please check out my survey on Mass Shootings!! I would really appreciate it!!
And so it begins...
Can some reddit detectives find any information about this kid who posted about his foster parent filming him/her with a camera hidden inside a pen.
Thank you!
Help!, Our Animal Rescue/Rehab was broken into this weekend, need assistance now!!
(Request) Pizza for dinner
[advice ] SERIOUS ONLY cell phone blocking of a company using 100's of numbers
(Request) Would like some yummy pizza.
Medical Expenses Help
[UPDATE] Thanks to several amazing people!
In need of diapers
£17.50 for week bus pass
[Request] Need Valid US Address for One-Time Swagbucks Verification
Pancreatic Cancer Surgery
And Now I'm Homeless...
100$ until Friday? Will get paid, and pay you back full amount+interest if needed
[Request] $25 for a quick summer school expense
An amazing single mother of 5 unexpectedly passed away at 37. We are trying to make things as easy as possible in this difficult time
Scallop Fundraiser!
~$20 for transport costs for a broke student
[REQUEST] $10 for supplies for low blood sugar
Fell Ill, Can Someone Help Me Get Back on My Feet?
please message me
[Request] Repost of my Millennial/Resilience Study. Only need 50 more responses. Please help. (18+)
[Req] 20$
Need help getting to my sister's wedding.
[OFFER] Similac 32 OZ can PLUS two small sample cans
Help! Water pump is gone
Answering a quick survey about designing your wedding rings online
My father (61) and myself (19) were evicted from our place and have little money.
Schizoaffective relapse, please help
I got evicted from my home and now my father is now harassing me
[thanks] to u/Daddyjmw2112 for the bus pass!
Anyone order tickets to see Infinity War through Fandango... can I have your code for the free poster?
Saw a Kitten on the Side of the Road. Didn't know what to do. What should I have done? Or do in the Future.
Please help us
[Request] £15 from a British card ASAP (time sensitive), will pay back immediately via Venmo/Paypal/etc.
[Request] Need Help With Paying For Groceries and Gas Only $40
[Request] Please donate your money or give stuff to me
[Request] Help to get us through until the 1st.Keithville,LA
Please help me escape an abusive home
VA won't help
[REQ] Request Im sorry im just in need of only 10$ please just one person help me
Help to pay phone bill.
[OFFER] Disposable nursing pads, Lansinoh brand, about 100
Requesting Walmart e-card to get by for a few days.
Asking for help sucks
Need help in getting a movie ticket for my kid and I
Today I found out my recent ex of 15 years has no empathy
please help my friend Jackson
please talk to me
Need money to move very quickly, don't know what to do
[REQUEST] HELP FOR OUR BABY'S HEADSTONE. SHE PASSED AWAY THIS WEEK.
Looking for someone who speaks Romanian
Our little Jasper needs help.
Sarah's Leukemia Sucks
I need some advice, I'm a failure.
Can someone help pay for my paper?
Disabled with little food or money
[Advice] I owe rent in a few days and I just finally was able to get a job and start working I have no money I don't know what to do
[REQUEST] My 7 month old baby passed away after a long medical battle.
Can someone help pay for my paper?
[Request] need gas to get to work
no big story - just really struggling and desperate for help.
Help me get my teeth pulled please
I’m going to be hospitalized in my clinic next week and I desperately need $700 for their fee and my transportation.
[Request] Help me become a crisis responder
[Please Help] Scam Support
Tri-State Tornadoes Takes out Terrific Human's Transportation
Soft Butter: a trans fantasia on edible themes
I Need a Miracle....
Just looking for some help on how to get out of this situation.
Lifeline for ongoing Medical Expenses
[Thanks] AspiringInspirator
100 for the weekend, or any generous borrowed amount. Will pay back 25th of May(with interest)
REQUEST - help with daily expenses
Need some assistance
Can you help my friend with a 2min survey about recycling for her degree?
[request] im looking for someone from Romania
$200 paypal for $175 MoneyGram
I'm still a student and i need money or job to sustain my life and everything to continue
[request] $100- can pay back friday with interest
100$ for the weekend, or any more if generous. Employed, waiting on check
Need money for a new laptop
[request] $40 visa gift card
My nephew was born at 34 weeks
I'm looking for remote mental health counseling
College is holding my transcripts hostage
I need 100 people to answer my survey for my high school psych class
[REQUEST] Need $10 for my medicine
Looking for a sub or website that I can just vent in.
[Request] furniture / bed / comfy couch in DC area? Amazon?
I am looking for advice.
Request ($250) - Will pay back by June 4th, 2018
Late on rent this month, need $395 to pay the rest
Sarah's Leukemia Sucks!
Don’t know where else to seek help with electric bill....family of 4.
[request] need help paying my rent this month
Needing help
Need $25 to get through weekend.
Need help paying for rent and car payment! I can pay you back with interest when I get paid on Friday the 25th.
[Request] Stranded Individual, Late for Work near St. Cloud, MN
Need $100 for clothes for an interview
[Request] Help with paying rent.
[Request] Facing deportation from UK in 2 weeks with disabled husband of 6 years. Please help!
Please help my family and I raise money for a new engine for our van we bought 2 months ago. Thank you
Please help me get my bachelor degree by taking my 10min survey about reddit. THANK you!
[Request] Looking for someone to help communicate in Cambodian/Khmer please
[Request] Asking for money has my stomach in knots
Please, please help me find a old dear friend!
[Request] My dog and I just pulled into a gas station as I ran out of gas. New job starts in the morning. Ranch/Farm Fencing. Need assistance with petrol maybe.
[Request] Help with search for old clorox Commercial.
Need help paying my phone bill this month.
[Request] It's Been A Very Rough Week And All I'd Like Is A Pizza
[request] Please help me achieve my dream
[Request] A purple or pink men's t-shirt, size Small
[Request] Please take a photo of the pattern of the seats in your local bus/train
[REQUEST] I just want to eat dinner - i'm running off 3 hours of sleep and worked an 16 hour shift from 2 different jobs... 1 hasn't paid.. the other I just started--- #Veteran, #poor, #Lifeissad
I need £3.50 to complete payment for my internet bills otherwise I can't work (Working at home, requires internet :/ )
[Request] Advice for finding scrap metal to build a guitar?
[Request] (WA) Just trying to get by until the 1st.
[Request] Our family is in need of some help this month
[request] not asking for money... but can you point me in the right direction?
Work truck has broken down, and desperately needs to be fixed/replaced to continue our job
[REQUEST] SURVEY. In need of at least 100 responses by tomorrow.
<Request> Funeral expesnses and feeding children
[Request] £50 to pay off my internet bill this month
[Request] Bone marrow transplant needed - I don't know what else to do
Not sure how all of this works, but I'm hoping that we can help each other somehow.
Redeemed a UK Amazon card, am in Canada
[REQUEST] A good friend of mine has fallen into septic shock, his kidneys have failed, and his lungs are collapsing. His girlfriend and family are struggling to come up with money for him and for themselves. Any little bit helps, a dollar, a thought or even a prayer.
[REQUEST] Seniors got screwed on their cruise. Can anyone help?
[Request] Motionball - A Fundraiser for Canadian Special Olympic Athletes
please message me
[request] A probably atypical request that requires no money, no physical effort, and very little time (and no prayers)
[Request] Please help me fight Multiple Sclerosis and my other health issues until I can get permanent help.
Urgent Need of Assistance
[REQUEST] Any help to avoid eviction
[Requests] Need help with a security deposit ($1000)
Uber gift card to get to new job
Request
Need advice on service dog go fund me
[REQUEST] Lyft/Uber help?
On the verge of getting removed from my apartment after paying for medications and a psychiatrist appointment. [$500]
Still REALLY short on funds for the international internship program for which I was selected to work in a London non-profit (broke grad student)
Help me become a crisis responder?
Housing / Failed doing it alone
Help me go to my dream vacation
Trying to get his to NYC. $150 is all I need.
Fundraiser for Youth Nationals Rowing Competition
[REQ] 10.000€ to give life a third attempt
Need help with transportation
ANIMAL REQUEST
[Paid Study, Phone Interview] HR function holders, $100, 30 min.
[Request] I need help paying a court fee by the 21st to prevent jail time. Rent, insurance, and power will be taking this weeks entire paycheck.
Need help getting back home via greyhound
Advice on rent assistance, missed work due to daughter tried to kill herself
Help needed in typing work. Urgent.
Stranded with 4 yo, bike is broken
NEED Rent help ASAP- missed work due to daughter tried to kill herself
Can I please ask all of you to hear my sisters story out and give whatever you can? Its tragic what has happened to her, and she needs support from wherever she can get it to win her son back. Thanks guys.
Wife left and screwed me over. Now my storage is almost going to auction and I am low on funds
HELP
A good friend of 13 years is living on the hot AZ streets in poor medical condition, suffers from epilepsy, and only occasionally has a couch to spend a night on.
Orphaned baby possums! Please help!
So am i just screwed?
We are homeless and broken down. We could really use some/any assistance.
Need $26 till I get my first pay
Need help for baby coming.
[REQUEST] I am behind on rent and haven’t eaten in two days, if you get me something I’ll eat it no matter what
8 family member storage unit
I need student loans but don’t have a co-signer, what can I do?
[OFFER] $5 Similac coupons
GCTrading list one these for me as I await verification
[REQUEST] A little help to get by the rest of the month...
[UPDATE] On having to pay rent by today or being evicted
Please consider helping me raise money for an end-of-the-school-year surprise
[REQUEST] $30 to cover my University monthly tuition payment
REQUEST: Help fund a startup dating platform for gamers!
Help a poor college student out.
I just may have ran over a baby mouse with my lawn mower :( it is bleeding a little but breathing very fast. Is there anything I can do?? I feel terrible.
HELP! NEED ADVICE!
Please help us raise money for my brother's dog's hip surgery!
[Request] Please Help with My Research About Millennial's (18+)
I need help finding childhood blanket
I don't know what i'm doing with my life or how to fix it.
Human Perception of Information Security for Educational Certificates
(ADVICE)
[REQUEST] Shoes for new job
How can I spread the word to help my cousins gofundme page?
Help us clean the mid-atlantic!
So...A friend needs help for a U-Haul trip from Texas to New Jersey
Sincere post
Temporary Loan/Assistance
[REQ] 10.000€ to give life a third attempt
[Request]Need a bit of money for bus fare
I hate posting this, I’m no beggar just out of options.
Help finding a rental in the Purdue, University surrounding area
[Request] Need help with alcohol addiction.
Anything I can do to make $60?
[Request] Need $50 to get my wife to doctor's visit
[Advice] In a really rough spot right now
Need help with next months bills ($400)
[OFFER] I have one more Giant Eagle gift-card to someone in need.
Husband needs shoes
Help me get money out of Venmo?
Ill have about $120 on next Monday
I would appreciate more than anything help with repairing my damaged teeth.
assistance
[Request] Homeless and in recovery. All of my possessions were stolen Thursday night.
[Request] Need help with a Lyft/Uber
I would appreciate more than anything help with getting my teeth repaired.
[Request] [California] A gently used laptop for a friend of mine who is a single mother.
Some random guy keeps showing up at my apartment (I'm on the third floor), carefully looking around the floors. Should I report him?
[OFFER] Giving Away Rocks.......Plus Paint and Craft Supplies
Disabled and in need of a temporary reprieve
Go Fund-Me Help
Can anyone order me a pizza?
Swayze just signed a deal just need $20
pls help her she deserves it
I need 10 cents to qualify for a free trial!
Help contribute to my dad whose going through renal failure surgery
[Request] Help with paying for a car repair
I Need Money So I Can Move Out + Care For My Pets
Really in need of a small bike pump— my car broke down and I need my bike to get to and from work.
Advice Help my sister's family with funeral costs?
[REQUEST] Need assistance in raising money for no-kill humane society in Michigan
Mother's Day. Crap on a stick. Kitchen crew?
(thanks!) A special thanks to aspiringinspirator for NOT loaning me money as requested...
[REQUEST] Need help paying my rent.
[REQ] 6.000€ to give life a third attempt
Still no money for rent, desperate, don’t know what to do
I have an OSHA related question.
Need assistance for Mother's Day (sorry to ask)
Free Blue Apron Meals ($70 value; 3 meals; 2 servings ea.)
Need an apartment or room for rent preferably in Los Angeles county
Desperately need dental work :(
(REQUEST) Need $26 till I get pay
I desperately need your help.
Overseas and cash broke need some help
Headed overseas and I am cash broke looking for help can pay back with interest on June 15th
My Battle with Cancer
Help With Vet Bills
I desperately need your help.
My future mother in law needs a lung transplant
How to stop receiving notifications about random friends’ activity on Facebook?
An online friend of mine is in dire straights. Her family has money for a motel for a few days then it runs dry.
Help a disabled young man go on his dream vacation
[Req] I'm hoping to borrow $85 and I'll pay back $100 on May 25 please!
[Request] I have never had a comfortable bed - chronic pain
I dont know what to do.
FundingMyFuture- Please help me become the first College student in my family's history!
Local cardpool redditor assistance needed
Please Help My Dog
[Help] Please Help My Dog
Please, Can you help me to wrap up some needed things for my sons wedding in 4 months?
[Request] Can someone rent me a room in L.A. County or surrounding areas?
[REQ] 6.000€ to give life a third attempt
[Request] Universal Power Cord For Laptop
Is there any us citizen here that I can trust?
[Request] My dog is dying of cancer, needs a CT scan
friend's son needs pacemaker battery replacement
Please Help make my family's home livable
[REQUEST] $500 immediate bill
help aquiring a vape tank
[REQ] $500 for rent. Orlando FL
[REQUEST] Disabled wife fighting multiple illness for 20+ years trying to do something special for her Birthday.
[Request] 21yr old Cancer patient in need.
My self esteem is shot because of my teeth
Make a little boy dream come true! Help support my nephew.
Can't afford mother-in-law's funeral expenses
anyone with a Tax ID and low income gets 250$
Please help us avoid homelessness
24 year old male in need of a kidney transplant. B+ blood type.
Bring Hayden home
I'm getting a car from my dad in a few days, It's kinda beat down and I have next to no knowledge on the area, any advice on what to do about it?
[REQUEST] Hoping to do some artwork for some pay!
Kidney stone pain, need meds. Venmo me at Carlos-Gonzalez-29 please anything helps
Need to test a video/MMS message with a non-Tmobile Iphone user with US number
Rant
[Survey] I need to get some feedback on prototypes for an assessment, if you have the time to fill out 4 questions that would be really appreciated
[REQUEST] Seeking survey respondents: an exploration of human connectivity and experience!
[REQUEST] Please, please, please lend me money for rent.
[Request] We've just been served a 5-day eviction notice
Need US resident to help other Redditor
[Request] some help with groceries
[REQ] 6.000€ to give life a third attempt
[REQUEST] Runescape Bond
Help me get more points please! Will only take 5 seconds!
Need Some Money For Rent
[REQUEST] Trying to ensure I can pay June's bills
[REQUEST] Need money to help pay bills and feed my four kids.
Help
[Request] Internet Poll
[Advice] On where to look or find help to get the assistance needed to keep hotel room for my 16mo daughter and I until tomorrow.
A few more days
[Request] My 16 mo Daughter and I (her Father) are in need of a Hotels.com gift card valued at $61.71 to keep our Hotel room past 11 AM checkout today or risk being on the street with our belongings and cat until tomorrow.
A few days more.
[Request] Need Help with Psychology Survey - Any Ideas????
[Request] Broke - Need money for food
[REQUEST] Uber from airport
A short survey about gaming and friends
Bring Hayden home
Help me with a dream
Could use $20 for food. Currently have no food/money, and will be like that for two weeks until my first check comes through. Venmo / Google wallet
[OFFER] Dog Treats
[Request] This is odd but here goes...
Need a gas gift card and can pay back tomorrow
[Advice] Anyone know of some legit work-at-home jobs?
[REQUEST] I need Assistance in buying a new laptop for school.
Don't Touch Me, Peasants
[request] [Blackfoot Idaho] [USA] I did an oops and now kinda need help?
I’m 17, broke, and I just want to do something nice.
I need help spreading my survey!
Project Help
[REQ] $600 About to lose my room.
[Request] Stranded and Undergoing Stress Induced Psychosis
Wheely big ask
Just to get by
30 second survey to help actress out!
[Request] Please help me fight Multiple Sclerosis
[REQ] Users who have used Toggl, please fill this 30 second survery! Thank You!
[REQ] 6.000€ to give life a third attempt
[REQUEST] Wheely big ask
[REQUEST] Any help to avoid eviction.
Homeless and recently lost my job in a foreign country. Would love someone to talk to.
My friends kidney transplant surgery will be an expensive one. It will hurt his family financially and he is working and saving all he can for when the time comes. Despite his saving, it is very expensive and anything helps!!
I need help for my masters thesis
Help editing and writing resumes and cover letters.
[req] $20 Canadian (etransfer) to get to work this week
[Request] I’m in danger of being evicted today. If anyone can help that would be amazing. Please take a quick second to read
[Request] I’m in danger of being evicted today. If anyone can help that would be amazing. Please take a quick second to read
My Best Friend's Funeral Expenses
[REQUEST] Toys you have that aren’t being used, for my little girl’s birthday
[Request] Car broke down...not in budget
[Request] I need a lyft or uber
[REQUEST] Things have been rough and this is a bit embarrassing even asking... Would anyone be willing to assist me with a loan to help me through till the 25th of this month?
[OFFER] Gently / barely used makeup (Kat Von D palette / etc)
I can't get to work
Need help with rent
Need help with rent
Help me get $1000 through Acorns
please message me
REQUEST. So i'm struggling a Bit.
[Help] I just went into debt, and I can't get food.
[request]Moved, started a new job, all the money to start off, now have none for bus fare (Tucson, AZ)
The Fire Took My House
So can someone spare a brother 10 bucks
Father has lung cancer, surgery is next week
[OFFER] Giant Eagle gift-card for someone in need.
Would anyone be able to help fund me buying a new mattress and chair, please?
Assistance (74501) got hurt at work a few weeks ago, ends are starting not to get met...
Can some people fill out my survey for school please about biggest fears?
Anyone know how I can get hold of a GeForce now account without having to wait so long? Fortnite withdrawal haha
Literally begging for help with last month's rent to move (see inside) - Ontario, Canada
I need a new engine for my car
Please in need of help
Can't afford to go to Senior Prom
[request]$50 loan to help cover a repair
Sick in depression from debt
[REQ] 6.000€ to give life a third attempt
Continuing Medical Care (Cancer)
In a major bind
Need help ASAP, not enough karma for r/borrow, need a bus ticket home
Fighting Cancer with Photography. A way to help cancer patients through donating your old photography gear.
ANY help at all to travel to new job for the first month after a year of unemployment [£]
Homeless, need phone service to get job
Taco Bell Wedding Assistance
[Request][Survey] Civility and Socio-economic status (Anyone living in Singapore)
In serious need of assistance, not enough karma for r/borrow
[Advice] Looking for help with finding a place that can care for my morbidly obese father long - term.
In desperate need to help save my kitties life.
A serious of unfortunate events has brought me here.
[Advice] [CA] I want to get my girlfriend's sister a Mothers Day gift, but I'm stumped.
[Request] Please take my Music Survey for school (Students only)
Please help me share this GoFundMe Campaign for Lyme disease treatment
It's kind of embarrassing but I need about 10$ gas so I can make it to work until pay day...
Free Game of Thrones Phone case - New Shop promotion. Covers huge range of Phone. Limited Time.
Parent in need of some help.
Raising Money for Dog's Surgery!
It's worth a shot. I need a little less than $50 in my bank account today or a check will bounce.
Was anyone on the cross country train between Birmingham New St and Taunton today? Someone took her luggage
[REQ] Recently got a new job and have no food until the 27th of this month and was wonder if someone could help me out with £50 until then, will pay back
Travelling with a sick child to a children's hospital that is 4 hrs drive from home
Please Help Me Get To My Uncles Funeral
[Advice] This is a bit embarrassing for me..hoping for advice on my situation. I lost my job and became homeless two weeks ago but I'm trying so hard to change things, I just need help if possible..
I would be grateful for any help. I cannot get my car out of my garage, door broke. Life is falling apart and I am desperate.
[Request] This is a bit embarrassing for me.. I lost my job and became homeless two weeks ago but I'm trying so hard to change things, I just need a little help if possible?
[Advice][NJ]My friend is coming to the US from Egypt with a $1000 and nothing else to his name. Help!
Charity Channel Swim (Aspire spinal cord charity)
Help a female that is currently homeless with $25 to rent a motel room.
Injured at work, bills stacking up
Very sick kitty - Need help caring for my best friend.
RescuePit Fundraiser!
please message me
Im collecting data for my school project on public awareness of the effects of climate change.
Would anyone be able to help me with the money for a new mattress and chair, please?
please message me
#SheDoes movement for unprotected women living in the streets of Skidrow
#SheDoes
[Offer] $50 Amazon eGift Card
Help me know my dad?
Do any preferably non English/Spanish speakers have anonymous screencaps with their significant other I could use for a collage?
I need conversations between crushes/significant others for my collage (prefer other than English/Spanish)
I need some people to take my brief (less than a minute, 4 questions) survey. Any help is much appreciated.
[Request] Your old, used Nintendo 2DS or 3DS, even if it's broken
$20 for rent this month, any help is much appreciated
Currently pregnant + 1 year old daughter. Needing a little bit of help with just groceries, don’t get paid until the 15. Basic stuff needed to get by for the week.
$5 Amazon Gift Card - buy through Amazon Smile and select Open Medicine Foundation as your charity.
New update on the Box Top contest
[Request] I need help with food? Or anything?
Need help putting deposit down for a safer place to stay.
I unexpectedly lost my husband this past autumn and have been struggling ever since. Any help to get through this week would be appreciated... really, ANYTHING at all
Small £50 Lend
Really need help
My grandmother died (we were close) and her service is Sunday )on Mother’s Day) in Navarre, Fl. I’m a single mom & need help with a place to stay, gas & food.
Help! Homeless shelter doesn't have room. Need $25 for motel room.
[Offer] Will pay double the price of Vodka if someone ships it to me.
[Request] Help my dog run again!
Need $100 or my bank account will be closed
A big request that I will pay back in full
[Request] Help my friend find the person who hit her car and drove off - Can you enhance or clean up this grainy far away image of the car that hit her so that license plate can be read?
Upcoming Vet Bill & We're Short
Is there a way to find the actors/Actresses in a music video?
Free Cone Day at Häagen-Daz shops, 4-8pm, Tuesday, May 8, 2018, at participating U.S. shops.
[Offers] $50 Amazon Gift Card for a Mother
[REQUEST] Resume assistance
Need Help
We had a terrible April, looking for some help
Survey about museum visits
[Request] having to rent a car until ours is fixed.
[REQUEST] Need $200-$500 to get keep lights on and feed my kids.
Lost job and need $20 to buy food for my daughter and I today.
[REQUEST] Financial help to get me and my son through until next Friday.
[deleted by user]
[Request] Assistance For Survival for abt a Week
(Request) Need Help Paying Bills
I’m a hardworking single mom of 1. My grandmother (whom I was very close) just died and her service is out of state on Mother’s Day. Thankfully it is only an 8 hour car ride (versus having to fly) I need help with gas, food and hotel/Airbnb stay for my son & I. Thank you, kind hearts!
Lost my job and need $20 for food to last us
Finally found a NEW JOB! Need assistance for PPE (personal protection equipment) 60USD Philadelphia, PA
I need 20€ for an job interview.
Just wanted to tell what happened tonight.
My floor is sinking and water damage under windows?
Calling all creatives! Any ideas for a wedding hashtag?
Raising money for group travel expenses to Colorado to attend disaster and emergency management training
Raising funds
How do I play Solange's F.U.B.U. on guitar?
Cuba Take One
[Request] A little over a month ago, I lost my job and became homeless. Today, ive secured a job and have a temp place to stay. Im super broke though and was just hoping if soneone could please help me out just so that I can make it to my first paychecks.
$80cad for weighted blanket
[deleted by user]
Help my step-dad win a Best Dad contest!!!
[request] Need help with food and gas for last time - NOT cash
Need Assistance with 1 min survey
Broke and hungry college kid
My friend needs 100 views on her website for an assignment
Need help for college.
Need help with research interview. Will give out $50 to participants.
Looking for people who play & watch esports to fill in a survey for university
[Request] looking for help with bus pass money, pay back on Friday
[OFFER] $10 off $10 at Gander
Request
Help Save my Cattle from the Drought
Please help my friend David out
Just need to get some feedback on an assessment, it's only four short questions :)
Asking for help to get our kitty cat, Princess Leia, through treatment/recovery
A little help in getting our lives back
[Request] Need help paying rent (Australia)
[Request] The giver has become the one in need, in need of help. (GA, USA)
[Request] I need help with gas money to get to work
[REQUEST]Need funding (or a loan).
[REQUESt]Need funding (or a loan).
Need 550 dollars for dogs surgery? Will pay back
How do i make my voice louder
Needing help booking a last minute flight or tips for getting west in a hurry.
Classic car lovers please weigh in
Short 20$ on rent and need assistance
[United states]need assistance with a bill
I need money for ACL!!!!!
Account is negative, need a bit of financial assistance for medications- struggling really badly
Help Mochi beat Parvovirus
Help me restore after having my car totally emptied
Currently surviving college in my car and with scarcely enough food to eat on a daily basis
Please help me with a dream of mine
Hey Guys, I’m a manager at McDonalds in London, me and my team are planning on doing a sponsored skydive for charity, and I’d like to see if you guys could help.
A retired Florida Firefighter is walking from Key West to Tallahassee to get a law passed supporting Firfighters with cancer. Please sign the petition to help.
Egg
Short online survey: impact of online product reviews on purchasing decisions
No trespassing order
Psychiatric and Medical Alert Dog
My grandparents are having their 50th wedding anniversary tommorow and us grandkids want present them a trophy or momento saying wishes for tolerating each other for 50 yrs or something. we're arent sure what to write on the momento .please guys ,help me out.
[REQUEST] Surprising my LDR partner for 1 year anniversary, need help with donations
Help out
Suspicious computer activity...
I need non legal advice about a legal manner
Need help filling survey for school [Social medias effect on mental health]
[Request] I have 45 minutes to get an art sale or my shop closes :(..Anything at all is appreciated.
South African international student needs tuition help
[Request] Disabled waiting for hearing for appeal need $30 for replacement ecig and kitty food
[request] end of semester, really need to eat
Need financial help
Please help my friend raise money to pay the bills while he recovers
Pregnant and Homeless
REQUEST. Need a Loan, or at least some support/advice.
[REQ] property damage issue, could use some help if possible
My girlfriend was diagnosed with Leukemia in January. Need financial assistance.
Kind of a social experiment to see if it's possible but it is a real situation occurring this is a shot in the dark for help please visit my link . Any penny helps :)
Need funds. [Canada]
[REQUEST] Need help with hotel stay for a couple days
[Request]
Please help our family raise funds for St Jude
[Request] lawn mower carburator
Need help with a survey about healthy eating
Help with rent money.
Dentist bills
Puppy needs a tumor removed
[Offer] I'll give you my phone number and be whomever you want me to be
Any £ donations to help me travel to my first job after a year of unemployment
[Request] Need Bus Money for Summer Courses
I have a phobia I need to get rid of. Any help?
(Request) I Need 12 Euros For Food! Until i get my paycheck on 13/05/2018
(Request) Help paying an electric bill.
We're Level the Curve, a company looking to provide products to people with disabilities
We're Level the Curve, a company that provides disability products at a much lower cost than HMOs.
[Request]$150 Paypal..a middle school math teacher a little short on rent.
[Request]Money for food and laundry items
[Request]
[Request] 2T Girl's Clothing, pull-ups, 2T underwear.
[Request] made some bad finance decisions
A short survey for a school project!
Rent Help
Low cost dental plans/payment plans/sliding scale for much needed oral surgery? (KY)
In need of $30 to keep electricity on- will be turned off by this evening
Job interview at 2pm, I’m stuck the town over with zero gas in the tank and no way to put any in either.
I got a traffic ticket need help
Please help Mouschi the cat
Requesting classroom help!
[DAILY] Looking for votes for our band so we can play in the local music festival in our city
Powerless!
Need Money For Rent/Food
I need 3 people to sign up for this
3 people sign up
Stuck without gas
Need Help Citing EU Regulation
[REQUEST] My family and I are stuck in Syria and we can no longer afford rent.
Draw your interpretation of "An artist trap" and submit to /r/PicYourBrain
Anything would help.
Can all you guys help me to do my research?
7 year old raising money for homeless vets
Work being short leads to short paychecks, in danger of not making rent, please help
[Update] City broke water line.
Thank you Internet Stranger...you’re wicked awesome!
Want to work from home online?
[request] Rhubarb is almost to her surgical down payment goal...please read!
[request]
I'd like to start a charity like kidflicks.org an organization that donated movies to children's hospitals, unfortunately they are closing down. How, where do I start to even form this kind of charity? Any help would greatly appreciated.
Can anyone help me? I am in desperate need of a smartphone. im a uni student and i really need some help, my phone was stolen yesterday and i don't know what to do ?
Disabled, $13,000+ due in late rent, worked out a deal with complex management to not be homeless and to start paying back what is owed. In need of a new PC in the hopes of being able to possibly make a little money to lighten the burden on family helping me to not be homeless.
[OFFERING] Job you can do from home
Please help Sophie get lifesaving dental surgery!
[Request] In need of light food/gas to get through til Friday
Help my dog O’vee get surgery so she can walk and have a normal life.
Need rent by May 4th. No luck calling programs so far.
My brother’s girlfriend (basically my sister) has a kitty who needs surgery to have her eye removed.
Need help paying electric
Please help my girlfriend who has nothing
[Request] Im 60 dollars behind on rent this month and if im late again my landlord’s gonna kick me out. Can anyone spare even a couple bucks?
A few spare dollars
[COL, OH] Assistance with a Loan; Car Options
[Request] I need to make my last payment of community college so I can return to the university this summer.
[Medical Request] Hearing Aid Replacement/Hearing Loss from Autoimmune Disease
Satisfaction in games and its connection to completion rates
I'm in a financial crisis-- I'm $500 in the negatives and I can't get approved for any loans. My score is 650, but the problem is I hardly make $800/month after taxes. Any advice?
Looking for a good Samaritan who spare $20
need help but post deleted bc im new
Youtube videos that cheer you up?
Need help not failing my son...
[Help] My dog back home needs serious help right now and I'm putting this out there hoping someone is able to assist in any way possible.
I’m not sure if this is allowed here but I’m out a job and need $180 to pay overdue bills and a small debt while I keep searching. I have reached a point where there is literally nowhere else to turn.
Adolescents and Processed Foods Survey (Australia, under 20)
(Vancouver, Canada) Seeking a Spare Kidney!
Can you guys please help to complete my survey about internet addiction for my anthropology class?
Can you guys please do this survey on internet addiction for my anthropology class?
Help my date and I win free prom tickets
[Reauest] I know its a long shot but is there any possible way someone could hekp me get a pizza pie? I just finally landed a job but im beyond broke and was by rhe grace of god hoping soneone coukd hekp me fwt a pie un order to eat tonight and have something to take to work for lunch tmrw?
Suicide Prevention—Overnight Walk to raise awareness— Texas
Male and Female Fire Skink Name Vote
[Request] I'm in a pretty bad situation and desperately need 15 dollars to take a shower.
30 year old stuck in home with chronic pain and controlling narcissistic mother
[REQUEST] trip for little cousin, dad in jail and mom absent from life
$120 for zero day on Appalachian trail.
Bissell Pet Foundation to cover adoption fees (in certain areas) on May 5th, 2018.
please take our survey! (it's only one question)
Need help for my kitten and my girlfriend
[deleted by user]
[deleted by user]
Help a friend out! GoFundMe! please read!
[REQUEST] $30 Autozone gift card so I can change my cars oil
Accelerated nursing student in need of some financial advice/help
My laptop for school and music stolen while spending the night at homeless shelter.
[request] looking for a small loan of 10 USD
I need help with rent and don't know where to go. Any amount helps...
$5 - Needed [Food]
[REQ] 10.000€ to give life a third attempt
Need some cash to pay this off.
[Request] Please help me get at least 1k Subscribers on Youtube!
Yoga intuitive teaching ! Sharing my friends dream
30K Retweets for a Final
£5 - UK
Would you be able to check out my best friend’s Kickstarter and share or give feedback?
I'm hoping to find volunteers for a magazine project!
Help my friend get a bullet out of adopted stray dogs arse
Can someone help me draw a tattoo idea?
[REQ] Needing 40$ to get me through the week
Long-term blog posts proofreading in exchange for IT services
Help me transition!
Is there any other subreddit for posting an online survey rather than SampleSize?
**Participants needed for an academic survey**
Need help with rent (anything helps!)
Medical depletion
Everyone please just pray for my best bud in the whole world Rocky
Need some cash for bus fair/food until I get my first paycheck
Need to food/gas to get through til Friday
people needed for survey
Need help no food in house for my family
Shelter Pet Competition!
Need help from a native/fluent spanish speaker
Hey! can someone make a copy of a 3 page essay I will send him? dont really have any time! appreciated.
[Request] I need help to save my home
Need $500 by tomorrow.
PLEASE HELP WITH CANCER MEDICINE.
Haven’t eaten in a few days and can’t afford food
Can barely walk.. can someone help me?
Requesting help
I posted recently asking for advice and a couple of you came through, thank you.
[Request] Bank account messes up, hungry for food.
[request] need a job, can someone help me write a resume and land me a job? please
Need $20 to avoid bank fees by tonight.
Irish band needs your help
[Request]40$ through cash app or needed items
Chance to do good work, but need additional funding!
[Request] I have no food and I'm so hungry please help
Backpack with Passport, Laptop Stolen Two Hours Before Flight Back Home to Tokyo
Lower food prices.
Last Ditch Effort
[Request] $400 to keep lights on and for rent (venmo,paypal,quickpay)
Recently disowned following mothers death, just need money for food
My father needs a kidney(A+.)
[Academic Survey] Image Preference & Sharing (18-30 y/o)
Send me $20 and I’ll send you or your Mom a gift!
[Request] My husband is raising funds for big brother and sister program.
[REQ] 10.000€ to give life a third attempt
$500 short on rent....
[Req] Urgent $200 in the next 24 hours to avoid eviction. Canada (etransfer) can pay back mid month
[REQUEST] Looking for financial angel(s) help
[Academic Survey] Participants needed (18+)
URGENT $20 required within 20 minutes. Will pay back ASAP
Gimlis surgery. (kitty)
[Link] Kids feel their hearts are ready for a new dog
Long shot, but I'm desperate.
[Request] Please help me with funds for an auction for Mothers’ Day gift.
Doing grass roots campaign to replace a corrupt politician in Oklahoma. Need help making facebook cover page.
(Request) $15 to order food [via cash app] (repayment of $15 5/5/17)
Any Fortnite player that can help me get a battle pass?
[request] Help kids birthdays
So my ps4 pro broke and I was on the Valkyrie Queen on god of war any money to help buy a new one will be the best I can’t afford a new/used one
[Request] Need to borrow $40 for the next couple of weeks to pay for groceries
Anyone want a 25$ Google Play card?
[Request] Please help me fight Multiple Sclerosis
Windows 7
Read Please: Post Was Removed By Bot
Any iphone experts?
Our Rent Was Stolen
{REQUEST} $30 for cat food/litter, and a little bit of food for me.
[request] my illness has broken me. i'm desperate for assistance. need to cover my $55 overage
Identity of Biracial/Multiracial Children
I'm very ill and i need your help
My father needs a kidney.
Cheap computer to learn to code
Repost: Need responses for 3-5 min survey
Mother Left To Care For Family After Husband is Murdered
Request $150 for unexpected car repairs
Need assistance. Please?
My kitty needs food & litter
My husband and I been staying in a shelter
Need assistance with groceries for the week
[Request] Need help to afford Diabetes medication
I let this girl put nail polish on me when we were drunk. I have work tomorrow and am not sure to get it off.
Getting some stuff before my baby arrives
[OFFER] Remote Computer & Laptop Assistance/Repair
Free Remote Computer Repair by Student
[OFFER] Blue Apron $30
[Thanks] Thank you so much u/steveinbuffalo
[Request] [UK] Grocery money for one week
Tonsillitis, need 15EUR for antibiotics, will pay back on tuesday
[Request] i need some help to afford my Diabetes medication
Need help with anxiety disorder
Day 7..
[Request] Can anyone give me $10 for food?
Medical bills for Sammy
Would anybody be willing to help me get my last few classes done for my degree?
Fundraiser by Samantha Faye Scholl : Need an ESA for College
Please Help, electric will be shut off tomorrow
[request] [Idaho] good evening y'all this is a little weird
[Marketing] I'm Conducting a Questionnaire for Buyers' Habits for Bottled Water in the NYC area. (NYC Residents Who Purchase Bottled Water).
[REQ] 10.000€ to give life a third attempt
Help Damien Get out of an abusive family home!!!
Please Help!!!
Eye procedure
[Request] really need $50-$100
[Request]57 Second Survey - How do you respond to homeless people asking for help?
[REQUEST] 12 dollar Uber ride
Undergraduate Student encountering financial problems pre-employment.
[request] [anywhere] Tell me about the good things in your life that happened after heartbreak.
[Thanks] for the subway gift card
Want to help me wish my brother happy birthday?
My highschool teacher needs help. I am raising funds for him
[Request] A grocery or fast food gift card
sex worker, 18 weeks pregnant, about to be homeless
Survey for grocery habits, ideas for designing an inventory app
Need help making a hard decision.
I need help with editing a image for my project.
Need help with pursing my dream
I'm embarrassed, but I need help.
$8,100 vet bill all put on credit, need help
I need help with a water emergency. My home has no water.
Eye procedure (gofundme)
Soon to be living in a car - with a great small dog.
[REQUEST] College student experiencing financial issues
This is a shot in the dark, but my best friend's dog has been diagnosed with cancer and needs help
Help Bail Nasir Out
[Advice] Trouble getting NYS Drivers License
Financial assistance after mothers boyfriend left abruptly.
Raising awareness, Legal help needed
Trying to save my uncle, an at-risk disabled vet
I need something to eat tonight.
25$ for gas money
Help me find details of this email address
I have 10 days to save my children and fiance from eviction.
i cant do this anymore please help me
How do I get low cost / free dental care? [California]
Single mother of three need food for family
[Request] Help Bentley come home!
My 2 Children lost their Father. [Request/Fundraising]
Survey on social engagement.
[Repost Survey] Quick Survey for my Psych class
[Request] $25 for insulin for type 1 diabetic
[REQ] 10.000€ to give life a third attempt
[Survey] How much money do people spend on food? 15+
Help Me Continue to Live...Be My Kidney Hero (Massachusetts)
need to borrow money, loan with interest?
Anonymous Dreamcatcher - A Deep Cause, Hidden Under A Social Experiment
Looking for a subreddit to post a survey for people to take? Willing to offer gift cards
Mother passed recently and my daughter is graduating soon!!!
Should I feel guilty?
Will someone give me $300 to take a business class
I have a projext due tomorrow and i need some people who can help me
[Request] Cancer is just financially destroying us
Going From Bad To Worse.
Need advice. 17 year old female leaving home because of situation
Civics Survey `School Project
Need some emotional support
[Request] Really could use a little bit of help for necessities this month
[REQ] A little money for Drivers Education Course
[Request] Please help me fight Multiple Sclerosis
[Request] A little grocery money if anyone can spare?
[REQ] $20 to get to job site so I can work and get paid.
[REQUEST] Writing for rent...again
[REQ] $33 or $103 for transit
[Request] Friend’s dad is terminal with cancer, she’s raising money for charity.
Desperately seeking help for end of semester
Desperation and Anxiety, please help
Desperation and Anxiety, please help
Money for food
(Request) $10 to order food [repay $15 by 5/5/18] via Cashapp
[REQ] 10.000€ to give life a third attempt
Anyone know this website trusted or not for making money?
My mother passed away!! Please help make my daughters day and her last few days of high school great
SPED Teacher in Need!
academic survey on the US Prison System (18 and over)
Just bought a switch today and am now bored😓
[REQUEST] Haven’t eaten in 3 days. Could use some money to go grocery shopping.
Get $10 per day with view ads just single click
Broke and desperate in Ukraine
[REQUEST] In need of a little bit if a lift this month.. struggling so much
Dog's Quality of Life is Zero--Please Help Our Furry Friend
Can anyone help me with groceries and baby food for my son until I get paid next Friday? Haven't eaten in 4 days and son is out of food. *Urgent*
[REQUEST] Around $5 for a little ceasars pizza.
[FUNDRAISER] My friend is broke and really could use any help
Please help me get a new laptop
Please help me get a new laptop
Horrible grown wrecked my hormones
Have a couple tanks of helium and a plastic hood and hoses ready here. I need some help selling some valuable top level domains for at least 1000 US DOLLARS each and FAST. Thanks in advance!
Please help me afford a couch - am disabled and got my first apartment
Car Accident
Enough to Get us Back on Our Feet
Help required with bill payments due to illness
I need advice on how to track a stolen PS4
Seeking rent money to avoid eviction. No one will help me and I am hungry and scared.
Losing My Apartment and Storage Unit
Survey on people's experiences at work
$15 for gas to last me till Friday (payday)
[Request] My sister is getting married and I wanted photos from all over the world congratulating them.
Destructive behavior and despair
[Request] Uber Gift Card so I can get to work
Need someone to check in with (LGBT related)
[Request] I need $18 for the shipping fee of a product that I really really want.
[REQUEST] help me find details of a person
[Academic Survey] Quick survey about Reddit - Help 4 master students - Only 1-3 min (reddit users)
[Academic Survey] Please support our school project survey!
I need help! Car is being held hostage
[Academic Survey]
I need 35 bucks
Update on Box Tops
Need help getting minimum amount of survey participants for marketing research class. Survey is about attitudes toward hybrid vehicles
I need help for rent.
[REQ] $366 CAD to avoid eviction
[Request] $100 to get through the week
[Academic Survey] Need more participants!
[Request] Looking for help in all the right places
[REQ] 10.000€ to give life a third attempt
Massage refusal UK crowd justice campaign
Massage refusal crowd justice campaign
Something to help me get through a hard time where i feel like i don't want to do anything
[deleted by user]
In need of $40 for bills! Can payback in June.
I am currently struggling with YouTube and Live Streaming and I don't trust myself with getting a job
$15 for Paying Bills - Willing to pay back
Enough Money for Food to Last Until Friday
A little market research help? How much would you pay?
Single mom needing some assistance.
[request]
Fellow Paramedic and ex coworker lost her 11 year old son yesterday. Needs help with the funeral cost.
Sometime to help me through a hard time where i feel worthless and sometimes i don't want to do anything
[OFFER] Maternity clothes size large.
[Survey] Please help me by completing this short survey regarding trolling
Need help paying for expenses of an educational trip this summer!
Hello everyone, please I need help :(
Help needed to start new life abroad
Please help me out by taking the survey for my Masters research project! (UK citizens!)
Both parents have passed, kids left behind need help.
Dealing with depression and anger issues
Help me sell my giftcard.
[free 10$ pp] grab this while you can, 10$ to someone in serious need. Once.
3 min survey on Chemistry and Sustainability for a research project
Help Tristan's Family Get Back On Their Feet
[REQ] My friend’s dad has been diagnosed with cancer. We are hoping to raise some money for a UK cancer charity.
[REQUEST] Mother and daughter saving up to escape an abusive husband/father.
[REQ] 10 dollars so I can get something to eat.
[Request] Need information on hiring a hospital sitter in Stockton, CA for ailing family member with Muscular Dystrophy
[Request] I need help with a trip to see my family.
I need help [$500 - Unsure when I can pay back]
Young single mom in need of some help
Asking for loan of $50] will repay $60 by Paypal on May 4 2018
[Survey] Study For stats class on Nostalgia would appreciate if any of you can take the time to complete a quick poll.
[REQ] 10.000€ to give life a third attempt
Needing emergency financial assistance for housing. Willing to repay!
[request] Marketers needed!
My friend has no money for rent...or for last month's rent
Teacher in need of assistance
[Request] need money to make it to work. Can pay back
People tend to put me down and say that I complain too much
[deleted by user]
I'm so hungry
Well. Lets see how this goes.
A quick 6 question Yes/No survey about rechargeable batteries and recycling
Help Fidel Lopez - LA Riot Victim
[REQ] I need $50 for food until I get paid next week. Will pay back the full $50 on April 27, 2018
[Request] Help make my dream a reality and get me to college (I am NOT asking for donations)
BF has heart condition and won’t go to doctor to get it checked, but I think he should
job interview help
I set up autopay on all the bills but I didn't know it takes 30 days to take effect.
Phone bill
1 minute survey about climate change for class
I need advice
Accident caused rideshare deactivation
Legal tripple whammy.
In need!
Need data for school AP Statistics project
Sick bulldog/time to say goodbye
[Request] - Parents stuck, need funds for gas & groceries
Need help from some1 from Korea
[REQUEST] Single mom in need of some help?
Please help me raise funds to pay college fees
(Thank you!) Bumblebamble, I want to thank you for my new shoes!
My uncle needs a heart! Please do what you can!
Lost Our Family Car
Need some help for gas money
My mom is in desperate need of help.
Ideas or suggestions on obtaining a free small plantable fruit tree?
Is there any assistance available for dental care for people who are above the poverty line but cannot afford to add another monthly expense?
I'm a GP and I need help
Need rare books....
My girlfriend and I are facing homelessness in Cobb Co., Georgia.
Could use a small food giftcard
[Survey] "Music consumption patterns among college students around the world" (2 min)
Continuing Cancer Care & Treatment
Need help with power bill, $140
In need of a bit of help for my little family.
Baby Eva Stopped Breathing Suddenly
Am homeless, need $$$ for hotel until May 3rd URGENTLY!!
Need help to replace our vehicle
Can someone please help with gas money for the week
Need help promoting my go fund me
Desperately need assistance
ISO a miracle! I need help getting funds together for some cool mental health treatment!
Desperately need assistance
Help with husbands gravestone
In need of a little help!
Need your votes!
[Request] my mother has been asking me to take out a loan to help with her debt but I don’t really want to touch that. I’m only 18
10$ Total Trivia Gift Card
Please, I need your help to keep my housing.
No insurance-what do I do?
Feeling awkward posting this here, but seemed like the most appropriate sub to put it under.
Austin Redditor in need of way to cover Xray, food for short period (financial or ideas for services seriously appreciated!)
In need of 150-200 for chest x-ray/meds/food or literally any ideas for services on weekends (Austin, TX)
Thank you /u/suzinboots for the $2100 gift, appreciate it
[Request] Help with my car
In need of a matching donor
I need $250 to pay for rent by tomorrow or I get kicked out..
I need someone to write an Amazon book review
Need help with a small study of the effect of vocal exercises on breath support (about 5 minutes)
Need help passing a survey for the graduation project of mine
Need help with food only. Texas, US.
[PAID] Thanks /u/artstar19 for repayment
Need help after leaving domestic violence
SURVEY Inflight entertainment and WiFi experience
Help or Suggestions Please
Need 200 responses to a survey on news media consumptions impact on perception
Need advice for my situation
I posted a few days ago about my rent, I've managed to come up with $200 of the $350 I was short. If anyone can help I will pay back Thursday night before midnight!
Request for $300 via PayPal or Venmo.
Haven’t worked since my father’s death (4/5) phone was cut off yesterday.
Study tips? Help a Psychology student out!
Please help
Remember the Video of a car that crashed into a home, hitting the gas line, and then the home exploded minutes later? My friends Aunt, Uncle, and their son were still in that home during the explosion and now they need help.
Please help my bf and I keep a roof over our heads
Los Angeles private high school needs help with money for their prom.
Small CA private high school needs help with funding for a prom.
[Request] Please help me fight my battle with Multiple Sclerosis
Proud mommy
Really short survey on using dogs in the Medical Field. You would really be helping me if you filled it up!
Shredding for the Wedding
A Little Would Go A Long Way
Need some help to get by until I get paid
Company phone question!
IOS fluent Spanish speaker
[Req] Just need $50. Will pay back tomorrow. [Phoenix]
[Req] Money for lunches this week, I just moved into a house after getting off the street. Does anyone have a gift card or can send PayPal funds to help out?
help me go to speech and debate nationals with my school for the last time
I need an altruistic donor please :(
Help me fight my speeding ticket in court
Hi, just moved into a house and don’t have money for lunches for the week. Can anyone spare a gift card or PayPal?
Family together
I need financial help with my traffic tickets - broke student
Need some gas money, will pay back.
Requesting someone to read over a LARGE document for errors
[Request] Need 50 responses for my survey for a school project!
I just turned 18 a couple days ago and
[ REQUEST ] money for food and bills and perhaps some lunch money for this month !!
In urgent need of money for bills n food for this month.
Help my Gucci belt
A pack of juul pods
Venezuelan crisis is killing me
[Request] Assistance to Attend International Conference I Got Accepted to Present In
Help Gucci belt RIP
please talk to me
Please Help Me and My Beautiful Cat
Need help with verbal exam, livelihood depends on it.
[Req]Canadian healthcare doesn't cover friend's grandmother, an international visitor who had suffered a stroke leaving her unable to use the right half of her body. Please help the family cover the bills.
Need Statistical Information?
[request] medical bills are a drag and I’m hungry
Short survey about interpersonal intimacy and internet usage.
[Survey] Two minutes of your time (no money/donation needed) to help me raise $1,000+ for the American Cancer Society
How do I get my Karma above 300?
[Offer] £20 Amazon voucher or equivalent
Need Financial Assistance - Broke university student with a speeding ticket (GoFundMe)
[Request] Two minutes of your time (no money/donation needed) to help me raise $1,000+ for the American Cancer Society
[deleted by user]
Well..
Need Help getting my emotional Support Dog.
[REQUEST] My cats medical bill
[req] [Canada] Need $10 etransfer for laundry soap or laundromat to wash clothes for new job. Urgent, start work tomorrow, need etransfer and cannpay back Friday
[Survey] A couple of questions about confidence and self-esteem
[Advice] Struggling after an unfortunate sequence of events
In need of $40 for bills! Can payback in June.
(Advice)Carseat inspection place near me
How Bilingual and Monolingual speakers perceive different foreign accents
[REQUEST] I need some decent clothes
Signatures needed!! Please sign this petition and help this wee boy get the help he needs.
I need help messing with someone
Need $15 for LYFT ride. Stuck at hospital need to be back by 3am or im homeless
[Request] Help Me Study Abroad in the UK
I need help messing with someone
[Offer] Free Plated Meal Box
Help Me Stay in Dental School
[deleted by user]
Need help ps4 dead need to buy a new one
Help Mr Syrus Publish His comic Book "The Nox"
Donations needed for MASSIVE TNR project!
[REQ] ($75) - (#toledo, Ohio, US) - ($100 may 1) - (Venmo)
Fines
Women's Clothing XXL
[request] gas and expense money to get me through til the end of next week
IMPT UPDATE: Wishing for a Reddit Miracle. Wife Needs about 1,000 online votes in less than 2 days to Win a $2,000 Grad School Scholarship
Theatre ticket for 4 plays
Help my band get to High Sierra!!!! (and check out our awesome funk)
My sad experience in a contest for a Scholarship and a thank you note for all who supported me.
In a tough spot, considered making a gofundme but can't bring myself to do it.
BITCOIN loan website
[request] Could really use help knocking out some bills.
[Request] Please help me fight my battle with Multiple Sclerosis
Offer - $50 off card from Hello Fresh
Offer Time to Help
I just discovered I had a bill go to collects 4+ years ago. Its been pulling on my credit this whole time. I was never contacted. Do I have any option other than paying the collection agency? [Advice]
Kicked out with no job or money
[Request] Please help me pay for my senior prom!
In all honesty I just need a smoke
[Request] Medical funds for 3 year old with Stage IV Cancer
Injured 6 week old German shepherd puppy
[request] just in need of some help until I get out of training.
Help me keep my job!
[UK] Hi Everyone!
In need of $40 for bills! Can payback in June.
Help me get through one last month in Venezuela
[Request] I'm having a tough time getting over an ex boyfriend who was mentally abusive
Hello reddit, I would like help with a gofundme page I made for my parents...
Financial Assistance
Organizational Inclusion Survey
[Repost] Need a Few More Responses to Help Complete My Masters. Cheers! :)
A helping hand for Casper - Gofundme - Memphis, TN
Can someone help me finish off the $360 College Tuition?
Does anyone live near an Ikea and can look for something for me?
[Repost] [Academic] Dating Disclosures (18+)
I need parents to take my Pre-K survey - thanks!
[offering] If you are (or know) a teacher in Oregon or Washington and you're in need of school supplies or snacks for your classroom ...
Please take survey for high school kid's health class - Teens only.
Hey guys, I need some help on a survey for my Engineering class. It's a quick survey, and it won't take long. thank you in advance. :)
Unexpected medical expenses and stressing!
Cat in need of medical help
{PLEASE} Research Paper Writer [URGENT]
[Request] Donors Choose Project for Healthy Snacks!
Request... Maternity clothes size XL.
[Request] Could someone background check a potential scammer?
is there a website where i can post a survey as i need 20 responses for school
Pray & Share!
Trying to stop this man & his family from becoming homeless
Please help me move on with my life.
1 Min Restaurant Survey for Uni
[Request] Struggling
My Dad Is A Selfless Hero! Asking For Some Kindness To Be Thrown His Way!
Need feedback on game, prize available!
THANK YOU!!! From the bottom of my heart, me and my two boys thank all of you who helped us during our toughest times
[ADVICE] CAREER CHANGE
I need a doctor or a robotic engineer
Need help getting my computer back from pawn shop
[Survey] Please help with survey on views on child neglect!
Rainforest Questions
Someone broke into my apt and robbed me, need to catch them
[REQUEST] $50CAD to help me through exams. (Victoria, Canada)
Looking for someone with experience of coding in Godot ASAP, will discuss payment at a reasonable level
I need out and idk what to do.
My friend lost her cat this morning after $5k worth of vet bills. Anything you guys can give is much appreciated.
Need help with a few groceries
Take my kids back from CPS
My friend lost her cat after $5k of vet bills. Anything you can give is immensely appreciated.
School Survey I Need People To Answer
Can You Help Sarah
want to earn $ easy and fast??? i can help you
Wishing for a Reddit Miracle. Wife Needs about 1,000 online votes in less than 2 days to Win a $2,000 Grad School Scholarship
Just had my first surgery
[Votes/Surveys] I'm conducting a survey on people's experience in the workplace
yeah, I am looking for some free money handout. haha. How about 10K US so I can take a whole year off and work on experimental tunes and video editing full time. haha.
[Votes/Survey] 2 min survey about booking online services, e.g. moving, lawn-care, pool maintenance, etc. It'd be awesome if you've booked moving services before. (all are welcome)
[REQUEST] $50 - Need to cover an overdraft charge, will pay back $60 on 04/21/2018
Ignorant teen need money for Gucci shoes.
Fluent Spanish Speaker needed for advice/help on my exam practice.
Box tops needed
[Request] mental health relief and comfort food
New mom (with MS) OF TWINS
[REQUEST] Need $25 Square Cash App payback $30 PayPal instantly. Lost card and need gas
Fiance is supporting four people in the house and got his hours cut. We need help with bills.
Please help!! we got hit by a car
I have a project and need help with getting responses for my survey
Still short 40$ for transportation:( any help appreciated!
Being sued by a debt collecting lawyer.
Please answer my survey https://goo.gl/forms/JmtQ92EIg6ESm3Ug2
I was diagnosed with colorectal cancer about a month ago and am now out of work until chemo is done in six months. Need help with bills and cost of living.
Assistance
[Request] Need $400 in 2 days
Friend's Son Needs Pacemaker Battery Replacement
[REQUEST] URGENT £20 for 2 weeks (Bristol, UK)
My elderly disabled mom got evicted from her home and is now homeless. What do i do? How do i help??
I am currently in the hospital, I lost my job, and all I want is to finish my first novel.
Hey my family is bankrupt need help to pay for house
Upgrade TransAtlantic Flight for Disabled Cancer Survivor
Inflight entertainment and Wi-Fi Survey Response
Feeling no hope.
Empty credit/debit/gift cards
[REQUEST] If anybody would like to fill out this survey on gaming habits and education (prize lucky draw available!)
Help me go on a volunteering trip to Cambodia.
lovegoesalongway
We are all wired with the capacity to ask for help, so I need help on how I can get money to go back to college in September.
lovegoesalongway
[URGENT] My city Damascus is getting bombed soon and I can't afford going somewhere safer.
Help me study abroad in London
I need glasses
Just a need 20 dollars for groceries.. ran out of money due to an abusive roommate
Anyone know a good free anti-virus program?
Finally landed a job, but I don't get paid til the 27th and I need gas money to keep this job
[URGENT] Need some help with food for the next week
Does anyone have any advice on how I can keep bandanna 'pointy' when I wear it?
Finally landed a job, but I don't get paid til the 27th and I need gas money to keep this job
Help me avoid eviction
Selling aome art
Family in need. Future looking bright.
Stuck with no gas money til my first paycheck on the 27th
Trying to get out of this rut
Survey about Amazon shopping and Echo devices
[Urgent] Electricity Shut Off
Spotify usage survey (Spotify users 18+)
Needing Assistance with Mortgage Payment - This isn't something I like to do, or ever thought I would.
I need a small favour
Need help with money in a very short amount of time.
I'm in a major bind
Military Veteran in need of assistance
Know of any fund raising sites that can be semi-anonymous?
[REQUEST] Please, can someone take some original pictures of the human skeleton, real or a realistic model please?
[survey] College survey & it only takes a few minutes
Need some help
[Request] Need $100 to help me until next week. Can pay back $120 next Friday
Help raise money for a good person who was hit by illegal immigrant on his motorcycle
[PAID] Thank you, u/jacobrogotzke for the loan repayment
My father is riddled in pain, I will WRITE to HELP him retire early.
My daughter's battle against lymphoma
Anyone have a paid Roomster account?
How to find cheapest flights
Help Save Skyelar's Legs Crowdfunding
Needing financial assistance for debt removal
[request] Help with down payment for car.
Need assistance for a new computer
Any form of help.
My friend's brother is dying. Please help.
Need help with college
Quick Questionnaire to Help Complete My Masters. Responses Greatly Appreciated! :)
[Request] Recently became a single father - we need toys and tiny people furniture!
My friend Avanah, a faith-healing cult escapee, recently escaped an abusive relationship, is destitute, and needs financial help.
Needing Assistance with Mortgage Payment - This isn't something I like to do, or ever thought I would.
Posting again - Rough times, looking for some bill assistance if possible.
Her family want to fly her home for her funeral.
University Survey
Help give my job a name/title!
Please help me with my Cloud Computing survey for my University report
My friend Started a Youtube Channel
Online Interview - American women of all ages
My mother is in the hospital...needs life-saving heart valve replacement surgery!
REQUEST
In need of $40 (Paypal) for bills! Can payback in June.
iPhone (no SIM card needed) - will return by this time next week!!
Hi there everyone I need help with something non urgent
Fun Language Survey!
My best friend is dying and she needs help for everyday living.
Would you kindly view my shops, it might help my sales so I can pay my bills this month?
Scraps the cat needs medical care
My mom's undergoing major surgery on her lungs in July to remove blood clots/reverse CTEPH. Sharing, donating, or ideas on how to reduce cost after recovery would be incredibly helpful.
[Request] In the airport ready for my holiday but unexpected bills it me.
I’m in-between paychecks and I need money for vaccinations for my dog
Turning in student taking exams for money?
[Request] Rescue Dog Peaches Needs Life Saving Surgery
In need of $40 (Paypal) for bills! Can payback in June.
(Survey) Personality Traits and Video Game Addiction (18+) only need 20 more participants.
Help Unemployed Disable American Vet
[Survey] New Yorker's, how do you like your cheese?
[REQUEST] My puppy Winnie was struck by a speeding truck last night. I live alone and she is my whole world.
Help a young vet who was assaulted.
Can you help my friend with a school project?
[Survey] Need college students to fill out a survey about caffeine
$19.00 so I can save my cell phone?
lend me a hand so I can get some food
Providing speech therapy to special needs students in Peru. Help me fund my trip to them.
Help to get a university scholarship (takes 2 seconds)
Fundraising for shelters for homeless women #SheDoes
Im about to be homeless in a few hours
Friend's Son Needs Pacemaker Battery Replacement
[Request] Please help me fight my battle with Multiple Sclerosis
She Lost Her Husband, Now She Faces Losing Everything
[Advice][Votes/Survey] Looking for a subreddit, where you can post a survey and people will take it for you.
Help Us Find Dora
[PSA] Don't forget! Today is Free Cone Day at Ben and Jerry's, 12 p.m. - 8 p.m , US locations.
[Request] Update on baby needing a helmet
Need money for food to hold me over for a fortnight
Stuck in a hole and not sure how to get out
Struggling and looking for some relief
(Request, advice) I need makeup help BADLY!
Please help me buy some books
Been doing this a while and would love to keep it up and give to people in the area
Assistance
homeless and in need of assistance
SAIT Calgary Humane Society Fundraiser
How do I take things less literally or heavily?
Need assistance
Looking for a live kidney donor in Alberta, Canada
[Advice] Started a new job but Don't know if I will survive until first paycheck
Help with Human Growth and Development Questionnaire. Married couples 20-35
Need help w/Medical Bills (somewhat long post)
22, just got in a bad car accident urgently need money to get to work while I’m waiting for my paycheck and insurance to work itself out.
Small family in need of a 4 person tent to camp in while waiting for housing.
Looking for a subreddit, where you can post a survey and people will take it for you
[Request] Help with transport to job interview.
Not a request, I just need resources for my dad.
[REQUEST] $120 can and WILL repay
[REQUEST][DONATIONS] Dental assistance
Would someone review my resume?
[REQUEST][DONATION] On behalf of a friend - Please help my friend save her beloved pet by sharing/donating.
I'm 22, severely ill and stuck with abusive parents. I need help to raise money for highly specialized health care so that i can escape this hell
[deleted by user]
Tell me any sites that block people with adblockers installed (like Forbes.com)
Looking for translation work
Missionary family in need of help
Nervous about interview and new job
Why does it seem like everyone I knew from high school matured while being there?
[Survey] Short survey about confidence and self-esteem for school project
I am raising funds for The Lupus Research Alliance Walk, an organization which seeks to find a solution to my incurable disease.
[REQUEST]Utilities assistance
My phone containing a video of my grandfather singing with us in his final hours was broken and I cannot afford to fix it.
In need of $40 (Paypal) for bills! Can payback in June.
Hello i am asking for urgent help gor someone i know
[REQ] UK
Quick survey! Would appreciate it
[Survey/Interview] Would anyone from the US be willing to help me with an Anthropology assignment? It would only involve a short interview concerning food habits/the food habits of the average American in your perspective.
[DONATION] Please read and help my friend's beloved pet
Please help me save my cat! She was ran over and I'm having trouble paying the vet bills!
Please help me save my cat! She was ran over on Friday and I cannot afford her vet fees.
Any help is appreciated greatly (:
Need an empty credit card for ITunes
I'm looking to have a few trees cut down on my property. Should I go with the LLC or the insured and bonded company?
[Medical Request] I have Late Stage Chronic Lyme Disease & I need a stem cell transplant to save my life. I want to be able to live again. I’m 26 & can barely walk & have horrible pain & neurological issues. Every single penny means the world to me.
Please help an artist out, I need all the help I can get (Please Read) ❤️
[OFFER] Chemo Beanies
Help - My dog needs a life saving bowel surgery
Need help with room and board at my assisted living home. (Disabled)
Doing a internship in Danville, PA for 8-weeks, looking for an AirBnb Discount Code
Emotion Perception from Audio Clips Pilot Survey
[Request] Please, if you can, help me get to my daughter's graduation
Anybody has Leather-working tools they want to Give away?
Housing, I have kids
Quitting chew trying to be a positive role model
Please help my mom get out of an abusive marriage
I'm a 17 years old boy who lives in venezuela and need help
[REQUEST] A free-way to help raise funds for impoverished children in Cambodia.
I'm 37 years old and I wasted part of my life.
(Dental abscess, time sensitive?) I believe i'm in need of emergency dental or hospitalization, which should i go to first?
I don't often submit images to reddit, what are some good subreddits to get feedback on this new design I made?
A Short Survey on Refugees in Australia
[request] my car was stolen last night
Eviction court date set to the end of April...My family needs help!
Dad Recieved Moms Hospital Bill From Passing, Not Sure If It Will Be Covered.
A record of relevant transactions via /r/assistance.
[REQUEST] emergency vet cost?
Need food badly.
[request] anyone have Uber credits, hotel or flight comps? Friend in hospital, not doing well; need help to visit
give my site a kick off
[Request] Possible Vet Visit
I need $80 to buy a necklace for my mother for her birthday. [Nebraska, USA]
Anybody Needs Simple Web Design Work
[REQUEST] After losing husband, almost bankrupt. Could really use $575 to keep car running
[votes/Surveys] Please share your views on police worn body cameras (link in text)
Anybody Has Leather-working Tools they want to Give Away
Request Help for food
Adult driving classes(Wheeling WV)
[Request] Can anyone lend me 30 quid so I can afford to go and see my son (5) tomorrow?
I made a huge mistake, payday lenders are killing me and I'm lost. Please help, I can repay.
Please help me with my cloud computing survey for my University report
[Request] Struggling with food and need help clearing a due in bank to get bank account for Tax returns.
In need of assistance to fix my car
[Request] Out of ideas of what to do, so sorta trying anything at this point for help.
Emergency Surgery Fund. My 8 year old German Shepherd needs an emergency surgery to find out why her kidneys failed and why she is u able to urinate after surgery on Wednesday. I’ve been struggling and don’t want to lose her. Please pray for her, share my campaign or donate if you can.
[Request] Anyone who has no-longer-wanted or leftover event medals from sports, road races, etc (USA)
Need 300 karma to post
Need your opinion
In need of $60 (Paypal) for bills! Can payback in June.
To any bird lovers out there, help our raptor shelter rebuild after a fire?
(request) would anyone be willing to help me get new work shoes until next month? i can pay back once i get check from my NEW JOB! (san diego, ca)
Need help raising money/awareness to surprise my girlfriend with a house
I need help I think my wife plans to divorce me tomorrow
How can I cover this car payment?
How do I ship stuff?
[Request] Please help me with dinner tonight.
[Request] Please help me out, wont post asking ever again. Its very important too me..
[Request] Please help me fight my battle with Multiple Sclerosis
Need help will pay back.
I’m afraid I’m going to lose everything
Do you know of any insulin assistance programs?
[OFFER] Spare Corsair Mouse (UK only)
A questionnaire for those who live in the Midwest.
At risk of eviction, how do I find $1,000 by Friday, April 13th?
Desperately in need of some help.
Feels like a long shot but I have no other options. Will definitely repay by May 1st.
[request] hello assistance I need help
Fallen on tough times, need financial assistance and WILL repay!
Recently was fired for a something incredibly bullshit, company not even giving me my full paycheck. I have bills due on monday and currently not enough money in my account. I just need advice on how I can make a quick few hundred dollars. ( ADVICE )
In need of some money(paypal?) for food and bills
I lost my job last nite and have a family not sure what to do...
After 2 heart attacks last year and leaving an abusive marriage I need help.
I need a bit of help getting my antidepressants.
Just left abusive ex who is still stalking me, need help with uhaul
Food & Toiletries - Can anybody assist me?
I need advice
In need of $60 (Paypal) for bills! Can payback in June.
3 minutes of your time
[Advice] 5 Tips to Come Out of a Rough Patch on Top
My grandma's sister is dying and needs your help and support!!
How can I make my suicide less tragic for my family?
Looking for some help paying for college
Muscular Dystrophy Summer Camp Supplies
I need help on figuring this out... before my emotions take over
Would you guys please consider donating to my mission trip fund? This summer I’m going to Houston with my church to help people severely in need due to the hurricanes last year. If you are interested please click on the link below. Thanks in advance! :)
User's Experience Survey [for eBay Mobile Users]
Endless Downward Spiral for Single Mom in PA
Dog is in hospital, need help...EMERGENCY
[THANK YOU] u/ParkGeunhye u/penpenpenpen u/6Literally6Satan6 and many many more
Need assistance with an app called (Medium)
[Request] Need Help With Car Repair - Includes Update
My business could use a helping hand.
Charity - Challenged Athletes Foundation
Need some help to keep my dogs and cat feed
Where can I post a survey and get responses?
Need some help getting my antidepressants!
Recently acquired some patents
I need 60$ for bills!
I need money for storage by April 20th
Advice/help to change career
Stuck in Memphis, need $100 to go home to LA!
Cloud Computing Survey for my University Course
I am cold, hungry and I stink.
Should I run from my problems?
Ideas for a school newspaper article?
I would be very happy even $ 1, because the food is sometimes not enough money
Any places that will give a loan to someone with no or bad credit?
Down on luck and could use phone bill help
[votes/surveys] Share your opinions on police worn body Cameras. Link in text.
My insurance has declined coverage for a flight / travel to the Mayo Clinic for consultation and testing I really need.
All I’m asking is for help to pay for cat food
need help with online tutoring jobs
500$ behind on rent.
A friend's parents are going through a nasty divorce and funds are running out. Need assistance to keep the lights on and keep going
Looking for more writing work
Help Me Find A Loan For Housing To Go To College
Gasket maker on soft top. What can I remove with? Would it be better to just cover with flex tape or flex seal?
Help with a $160 tow
WiFi name ideas?
All 3 of my cats are very sick.
GIB $15 FOR WOW SUB NOW!!!! RIGHT NOW!!!!!!
Need your opinion on an interview process I’m currently in
Please help think of a research paper topic!
Help me with my rent after Foster mum passed away. Uk £500
A Short Survey on Refugees in Australia
I Need To Raise Money For American Cancer Society
Need assistance paying for ingrown toenail surgery
In need of a decent job to work from home
Humbly asking for assistance due to unexpected medical bills and reduction of income.
Need To Raise Money For American Cancer Society
I need help covering 30€ bank dept, before additional fees hit and i owe them twice as much
can someone help me with what he is saying?
If a dog gets lost, he tells him to help himself.
Father died recently, family is in deep financial problems, what to do?
(Request) Does anybody have an old laptop they can give away?
[REQ] Financially struggling, made an app as a last resort
please message me
I need advice on how to fix three lives.
Help with rent and electricity.
"Sticky Issues" Endangered Species Pins + Stickers (High School Project)
Fundraising for the Challenged Athletes Foundation
[votes/surveys] please fill out this survey for my marketing class
Please Help Ship My Dad's Remains to the U.S.
Elderly Dad Could Use Some Kindness
[REQ] Funds for NYC job interview (commute + lunch) Repay on 4/13
My cat needs assistance with surgery funds
Idk what headphones to buy
Please help save my fur boy.
Hit a pothole, cant afford new tire
[REQUEST] Need some help for groceries
Some jokes
Thank you /u/Eclectophile for the help on the storage!
Feel like I’m slowly loosing my mind?
Just want some food and a smoke
Helping Connie with medical bills
English Class Book
I'm stuck at the Atlanta airport for 5 hours and I haven't eaten in two days.
Any help would be a godsend.
Help me. Get out of my angryness and my suicide thoughts.
[Help][US][NJ]I need help surviving till start of summer for food and bills(International Student in college).
[REQUEST] £30 for groceries and utilities until Saturday Payback £35
[REQUEST] I need a couple hundred to pay my rent
A huge thank you to BigMac860!
Continuing Cancer Care
Leaving DV with two toddlers at end of week
Need under the table job to pay for school
Should I give up?
[deleted by user]
Help me prove my teacher wrong
I need money for an Uber
Help Children Build their Future
Need survey responses for dissertation. Please help me kind people of Reddit!
I am so lost, I want to take a bullet
Twitch
I need a place to stay for a while
My puppy’s first birthday in the hospital
Need a little assistance, can pay back with interest!
Need small stones/pebbles for homemade Mancala game from places I've visited with best friend. It's for a birthday gift.
Please help me buy a new gaming chair.
Stuck somewhere away from home and need $15 for an uber
Please help
In need of a Ventolin inhaler until my health insurance kicks in (60 more days).
Help Milo and Mabel kick parvos butt
Need help paying for surgery
He bounced checks like we weren’t going to be around to face the consequences. I escaped. Help me close the gap. (Coloradoans?)
Do you travel? Please fill out this quick screener!
Psychiatric Service Dog
Policing
[Request] An in-game supporter tag (It's only 4$/month)
Had unprotected sex need advice.
[Advice] Does anyone know of any online jobs I could do for a couple hours nightly?
I need advice in how to proceed with getting a diagnosis without insurance.
Debt due to medical issues
Looking for survey responses
[Urgent] Need $75 Canadian in the next 5 hours or i will be evicted with a sheriff tomorrow
I need your help deciding which program to attend. (x-post from /r/Advice)
A pretty easy one - My beautiful cat is in the final for a global competition to win a Cuddle Clone plush toy - We need some votes! :)
Mom opened credit card under my name
Need help staying afloat
Lost my access to student loans, severely damaged my shoulder in a seizure. I'm about to be forced out of uni with 1 year left - more info inside
A Short Survey on Refugees in Australia
Will you help me be able to afford things to help cope with my depression and suicidal thoughts?
Will you help me be able to afford purchasing things to help cope with my depression and suicidal thoughts?
Looking for American women for 15 min. interview
Need assistance for food
[REQ $700]
Mom Died Unexpectedly, Dad Really Needs Help.
Help me attend my sister wedding. GoFundMe
Anyone wanna hook me up w some food for easter?
Help with self-neglecting parent
[REQ] $600 needed for Rent ASAP
Please help! Stolen pups!
Help please! Stolen pups
[REQUEST] Help Cory get treatment in BC
27 yo Female Living in Car without Food - Need Advice or Just a Little Help
Be part of a new CBD Oil Delivery Start-up! *Check it out!*
[Request] Assistance paying bill.
Lost my job last week, need help with rent, please (Kansas City, MO)
[Request] need help finding local resources (Central MA)
Please Help my Site for Writers Grow!
Need volunteers for an art project :)
21/M/CT Made another gofundme, it's different now and completely honest. I just want to start working again, so please just read it all before you make a judgment of me.
Alzheimers Scotland
Alzheimers Scotland
So... We might be going homeless
Cheap date in Atlanta help
[Request] Therapy copayments. Happy to pay back in July
[Request] In need of some food money, paid back either this week or by the end of the month.
Mom Died Unexpectedly, Dad Really Needs Help.
I want some assistance in the form of your opinion.
Hey, i basically just need someone to talk to
[Request] Need a pizza (or food) or two to last until Friday.
[Request] Hello all! I'm looking for people to take an anonymous survey (link in description) regarding how you connect with people. It's for a pet project of mine and only six questions long. Thanks in advance!
Missing Dachsund / Chihuahua Mix in Fredericksburg, VA, Please Help! (also posted to other "missing" subreddits)
[REPOST] Can you take this survey?
Please for help ...
[Request] Someone Else's Angel
[Request] Broke college student in need of phone repair
Quick IT related questions regarding some statistics/data analyzing using the SPSS program
Single Mother needs help paying off debtor - Not for me but for someone I know
somebody can speak with me?
Made my first gofundme, here goes nothing. Will appreciate any of you who take the time to read this post.
Loved pet rat in need of medical assistance.
Unable to work due to recent brain surgery
Anyone got gas for sale🔌 in Sarasota
[Request] Help getting my gf a plane ticket to see her mother in the hospital.
LMAOOO yeah i need help
[Request] Please help me fight Multiple Sclerosis
Groceries
Thank you u/schuss42!
[OFFER] Women's Business/Business Casual Pants
[Request] I need help with my rent for this month (Very important)
I really need help, can someone please tell me what they hear, starting in the 8 second mark. I believe my girlfriend of 7 yrs is cheating on me, I need to clear this up
Need help affording cat medicine
Toilet overflowed/damaged apartments below me
[Request] In need of assistance for an infant cranial helmet
[THANKS] /u/redside100
[request] money to feed my wallet
[REQUEST] I could really use something to eat please.
Need to borrow some money till thursday.
OFFER: children’s place coupon codes
[Offer] Something to help with the symptoms of mental illness. Open to assistance with meds and coping mechanisms. US only (sorry) $25 limit on supplies.
[ADVICE] My mom’s dog is dying.
[THANKS] u/clester96
[REQUEST] [US, GA] Please help me recover some lost/ruined items
($500) - (#Philadelphia, PA, USA), ($100 Weekly 4/4 - 5/9), (Zelle/Wells Fargo)
Can someone donate blood on my behalf
Help? Maybe?
Male escort in a dilemma
I'm a hermit and I was ask to go to prom (I need Help)
Needing help staying warm and grounded.
An app or website that keeps track of local elections, protests, town halls, etc.?
Box fan just stopped running
Dry cough keeping me from sleeping
Help me fund/spread the word about my tuition fee
[Thankyou] u/ schuss42
[Academic Survey] Please help me with some school research by filling out this survey.
[Request] Roommate screwed me over and I'm short for rent. Please help!
[Request] ~$40 for other antidepressant+bus fare, and any food
Help identifying a strange noise
I'd appreciate if you took my survey, you are required to play some sort of video game or I will not have much use for your reply
[Request] Disney Trading pins that you no longer want for an autistic boy (USA)
So I guess my post about the transparency in the sub was deleted....
Sold my car, saving up for new car, unfortunately my money was in a safe, and was stolen.
Seeking assistance for travel costs to visit my dying father
[REQUEST] I’m a fulltime student struggling with school and surgical costs. Is there any kind of organization I can reach out to earn me some sort of reprieve with my medical bills?
My best friend of 27 years needs help with an incredible vet bill for her beloved English bulldog, Dottie. Link to help, pics and details in post; all receipts and vet information can be provided!
please y need a colaborate to buy a guitar
[REQUEST] A loan, kind of a lot
[request] had my identity stolen, now i have -$200 in overdraft fees. i seriously need help.
Im asking for any help possible so i can get myself out of this rutt.
[request] had my identity stolen, bank shut down account, now a mess of overdraft fees...
[ REQUEST ] $100 for groceries for my kids during Spring Break
[Request] $100 western union for hotel room and hot meal for my kids and i. Will repay tomorrow.
[REQ] ($120) ( I will repay $160 on April 6, 2018)
I need assistance in coming up with a logo for a band.
I hate talking to my parents.
I’m not gonna sugar coat it, or give you a sob story.. this is a selfish fundraiser, but I just recently started loving myself so.. 😅
This streamer havent eaten for 2 weeks, and he is prioritising quality for his viewers over himself. He needs help!
Serious question: Why are so many comments being deleted?
I'm in a bad situation since roommate died, need cash to not be homeless in a few days would payback plus give the same amount in IT labor on top of it. Just looking to give back double to someone that can help.
[Request] I chipped my brothers dog's tooth, and I don't know what to do
Donate to support alzheimers society - Sponsor Highest mountain in wales & 13.1mile run.
I got trolle'd, but I don't want to pay.
[REQUEST] Someone Else's Angel
[Request] Emergency Car Repair - Need a New Transmission
[REQUEST] I budgeted poorly this week and I get paid tomorrow but I need food for tonight.
1 Min Questionnaire for Uni
[Request] Need help paying my DTE bill
Please need some help!
Please help!!
[REQUEST] PLEASE help me remove my wisdom teeth!!
[Survey] I'm conducting a survey for a school paper on people's beliefs about test takers
[deleted by user]
Can i have 1.25 to avoid an overdraft?
REQUEST: I need $36 dollars to replace a lost ID
Airport rules
Can i have 1.25 to avoid an overdraft?
Army Veteran’s Family needs help w/Moving Costs for Sept 2018
Please vote for my bunny in this contest - we are so close to winning!
Problem with "girls"
My Parents are kicking me out and I need money for my first months rent/ application fee/ security deposit.
[Request] Need money for neurological treatment.
(Request) Parents kicking me out and I’m not prepared yet.
Single mom who hasn't received child support in 6 months and about to lose my car.
[Request] $100 to make rent (will pay $150 by April 7)
Just need a like on a Facebook
I'm a broke American in Kyiv,Ukraine.I went over budget with renting my flat.I need roughly 30$ to get me through the month.
[Request] NYC unlimited metro card
Just Need A Small Bridge Loan
HELP ME
[REQUEST] Rent/Electric Bill help ! Thank you!
[Request] Author's laptop broke; running an IndieGoGo to fund a replacement
Single woman w/2 heart attacks last year .. I need help purchasing a dependable vehicle ..
[Request] Psychology Homework
[REQUEST] Food, loan, anything, really desperate.
Highly stressed and trying to pay a lot of bills!
[Request] Roommates Chameleon is dying, he doesn't care
[REQUEST] IN NEED OF STEEL TOE WORK BOOTS
I lost my job and then my life fell apart
[urgent] need assistance to borrow 40$
[request] anything to break the monotony
Need a small loan
Someone Else's Angel
[Long] Donation to Educational Non-Profit Greenwood Players
Gofundme to leave abusive relationship
I was jumped the other day.
[Repost] [Academic] The Government and The People (100/125 Need at least 25 more people)(Everyone)
[Request] 250$ until next Friday
[request] Need a US person with Phone Number for getting Google Voice -Quick 5 min assistance needed
[Request] Hi, I need some help. I need to borrow $80 from someone.
[Request] $30 until friday
[Request] to borrow £50 until the 8th April?? will pay back £70
[Request] - Loan
[Votes/surveys] asking college students to shed light on their interactions with classmates and professors
[deleted by user]
[Repost] [Academic] The Government and The People (75/100 Need at least 25 more people)(Everyone)
Funds needed for youth soccer team
Lyft fare to focus group
Would Greatly Appreciate :)
I want to become an actor.
Images are too big and I need to make them smaller
Medcial Mission Trip to Uganda fundraising help please
Can someone please help, I am in serious trouble...?
struggling to make ends meet
I was robbed the other day
Paypal charged the wrong account - can I do anything about it?
Needing help with my rent after losing my job due to health problems.
Much needed help with trying some camping
[Meta] Downvoting
Can you take this survey?
[Request] Please help me survive until I get on SS disability
(REQ) Borrow $10 to pay phone (PayPal)
Life’s hittin’ me with some gnarly lefts, lately.
[Request] I am about to become homeless with no money to my name
I need people to answer my survey I need 50 more responses
If you know a way
[request] I need a wholesome pick me up
Lost my job Thursday, no money for rent in 5 days, and need a new tire on my car (Kansas City, Missouri)
[Request] Hey, someone wanna do me a solid and try donating a dollar to my stream? I want to make sure it is set up correctly. Please and Much thanks!
[Request][VA] Can someone help me with the euthanasia fee for my dog?
Need to borrow 150$ for 1 week will pay back 200$ via PayPal for Vet visit
Please Help with Court and Care Fees
Currently homeless and need to pay storage fee or I lose what little I have left
My dad was in a serious motorcycle accident in Mexico and his health insurance dug out a clause stating they will not cover motorcycle accidents. Any help is appreciated.
Drowning in Medical Bills
"Innovation" Project: Advice on three novel different ways to charge an electric car!
[Request] help us get our water back on
[Request] [MA] Small Loan for transportation. Return+Interest on 3/30
[Request] Please help me pay my phone bill
[Votes]Please give my band a chance to play a festival this summer
[Survey] I'd really appreciate your help by responding to this survey https://www.surveymonkey.com/r/VideoDMH-consumer
Help me post my website resume on social media.
Please help me with my bills and medicine
In need of some help for me/my preggers GF
I need help with talking to more people
[Request] Help fill out my survey for my college English research project
[request] help me buy an over the shoulder bag for a new job.
[Request] need money for food
Help dealing with a con man
Drowning in Medical Bills
[USA] Friend needs financial help to try to improve her mental health and life
I need to know which band is more well-liked: PTM or TOP
[Request] Help me bury my niece, please.
[AZ] Requesting help for rent/bills
Please help
Please help me we will be homeless by tomorroe
(Offer for pickup, San Diego, .ca) I have quite a few baby necessities just waiting for struggling parent in need!
Slowly developing agoraphobia, but need a job because my roommate is threatening to kick me out in 2 weeks.
Draw cats for us! AKA: meet (me) your new mod, co-sponsored by grapefruitdressgrape. 2x pizza card giveaway! 15$ PJ or 20$ Domino. Ends Monday!
Hoping to borrow $40, pay back tomorrow.
(request) does anyone have access to moped/scooter than can help me or help me get one? San Diego, ca
Please help my grandparents - Dementia Medical Care
[Request] need someone with spokeo, beenverified etc. paid subscription, help me find my grandfather
[Offer] $20 from your Amazon Wishlist
[Request] Struggling homeless in Modesto, opportunity to buy a car just arose
Help Me Further My Art Education This Summer By Donating To My YouCaring
In need of some help with food/child needs
In need of just $20 for bus ticket
Seeking Advice
My Son's Emergency House Fire Fund
I am moving soon and I am looking for a destination that involves many, if not all of these things.
Help with payment arrangement on electric bill
PLEASE HELP WITH JOB OR ADVICE
Girl about be on the streets please help.
Can anyone purchase a hotel for one night in PDX can pay back tomorrow evening
Help us get a home! We are desperate.
Paypal Assistance for uber
NEED HELP TO PAY RENT PUPPERS AND I WILL BE HOMELESS PLEASE HELP
Paypal assistance to cover room an necessities for homeless mom & kids
Please help
Rent please help me
Heading back home from Texas to Oregon and I need food money. Will share food with others.
Just hungry
Please help my grandparents - Dementia Medical Care
Will this drug cause death or a coma?
Pls Help
Pls just register an account and type out 1 code
[Request][UK] Help with bus fare.
In Mexico and need a little help.
Looking for responses for my survey for my research paper. It's about linking income and certain life stresses due to income.
Direct Deposit of Public Benefits
[REQ] Need a loan and don't have the karma for borrow.
Facebook fundraiser for cats' vet bills
[THANK YOU] Food, finally!!
Finance homework help service
Do you know any page where I can sell my photos?
Do you know of any page that buys my images?
Help me save my cat with chronic kidney disease
Lost USA visa.
[REQ] $40 for groceries & transportation expenses. Would pay back the first week of april.
Looking for a VERY VERY large saucer/moon chair
HOMELESS W. 3 KIDS & NO ONE CARES ! PLEASE I BEG YOU PLEASE HELP US PLEASE!!!!!!
Food stamps were cut when I moved and my 3 children really need clothes school supplies
Was recently robbed at gun point
Tha ks /u/kogeliz for helping me out with my lyft!
I was unfairly permabanned from site.
can somebody tell me how to find difficult books on internet and dowload in pdf?
Loan 20 dollars to pay for my lyft to work tommorow morning
Thank you u/asymphonicblankstare!
[REQ] AP tests are coming up... I can't afford them, and deadlines are coming up...
I need someone to help me. Im lost in my life.
Hungry and struggling family of 4 In need of some food for my family tonight! Anderson,IN
Can someone please help with some money...
Can someone please help with some money...
How do I adjust the belt on the back of a vest?
Thank you /u/Astrobetic for the loan for my insulin last Thursday!
[request] trac phone card?
In need of help for my pup to stay with me!
somebody can tellme how can i win karma here i have a problem to post in another subreddits for it.
My Uncle Guy's kidneys are failing and he needs a Type O Kidney Transplant.
[REQ] (£100) - (Bristol, UK) Until the 8th of April 2018 (grant day) - for help with bills/living
Needing help badly for my mom
[REQ] $300 for Car Payment
Please help, I have nothing and I'm about to go homeless. [UK]
One last try, I'm doing a run. Trying to raise money for kids with cancer
This is the last thing I wanted to do
I have a question. should i buy the new r6s season pass, or a starter kit of g fuel with some flavours?
Medical Mission to Uganda
Evicted no notice. Landlord stole everything and need somewhere to stay I'm living in my car. Please help i have nothing.
[Request] Need assistance with rent
please someone talk to me
My Childhood Dog Needs Emergency Care Or He Will Die And I Don't Have Enough Money To Cover The Costs. Please Help.
Can anyone help me get appropriate tags for each TED videos? (TED videos tagging)
Donations? Traveling the USA
Need aspirations to write a reflection on a text based on leadership.
Military family long shot!
[REQ] Need a temporary replacement phone for work
[REQ] $100 via PayPal paid back on March 30
I forgot to put the questions regarding face validity in my survey and its due in 2 days
[Request] My brother is a 5-6th grade teacher and needs help funding his class trip.
$30 to get back and forth to work
Vote in this Twitter poll
[REQUEST] Help us from foreclosing on our rental property.
Day from Hell (From earlier this week)
Can anyone help me get some toiletries and household supplies? Hours cut at my job
Homeless in Denver , just got a job
Need$5-10 for food
[REQUEST] Use my promo code on Samsung Pay app.
[OFFER] About 50 newborn diapers. Sam’s Club and Target brand.
[Votes/Surveys] Instagram Social Media Habits and Advertisement Perceptions
[Votes/Surveys] Help With Survey on Tech Workers for Master's Thesis
REQ [£100] London, United Kingdom to pay for my travel to university and food for a month. Please any help is appreciated. Will pay back by 22nd April when my university loan is paid. Bank transfer/PayPal
Help for the project "Laptop Based Radar"
help revise my personal narrative
i keep getting FB requests from a similar demographic of people. I think my profile has been shared without my consent somewhere?
Please help my project get funding!
Are there any books that will help me control my emotions?
Straving for help
[GoFundMe] Just had surgery due to severe pain cause by endometriosis... Now I have the pain of the bill. Any help is appreciated.
I just need help getting life back on track.
$100 is the difference between me being homeless and hungry/able to repay!
Need help finding a website that catalogs recipes from various websites around the web
[Votes/Surveys] Academic Survey on Amazon that I need for my paper
[Request] $20 for my phone bill
Looking for some help with bills
[Request] does anybody have an old laptop they can spare?
I need 50 dollars for rent
[Req] 40 to keep from going hungry
Need $1
45.01$ Short on rent
Help Mike's Recovery
[request] I need $300 to pay rent to prevent eviction
Need help getting power wheelchair repairs.
PayPal and Canadian credit card
A friend of mine needs help with medical bills.
[Request] Grocery Money Has Gone to the Dog
[Request] At the end of my rope
Student requests any help possible.
Please help Rene needs a car-Starting Over
Need Help With This Survey
Extra credit for class
Do not give people the log in info to your credit cards.
I need help paying for my Pit Bulls medical bills
[Repost][Survey] I need more participants for my undergrad study
Requesting help for a service dog!
I want to help today
Hi everyone! Please take two seconds to help me with this SUPER QUICK survey! https://umich.qualtrics.com/jfe/form/SV_89b0RSBcrkwcOFf
Desperately need help with car payment before the end of today
Good woman, worth the read.
[Req] Temporary assistance towards food & bills until 30/03 (UK)
Need people to answer my survey for an AP Stats project (short, only 2 ?'s).
Subscribe To My Youtube Channel:)
please help, medical expenses
Dissertation Questionnaire!
Fundraiser for Mobility Service Dog Training
Please help me reach 150 Sparqs! Will Pay it Forward, sparqs are free.
Help A DACA recipient pay for graduate school!
Hurricane Relief Missions Trip
People of reddit help me smile again
Job interview advice (PA)
Help! I need participation to graduate on time - gamers over 18, take my survey?
GoFundMe Social Media Tips
PLEASE help with our GoFundMe social media presence. (tips on how to make it stand out more)
can someone help me with my Set Design Project
Need some cheap fresh food
Need help paying for a lawyer- please don't let a few grams of weed ruin our lives.
Puerto Rico mission trip
Homeless at the end of this month
I need some help with my survey.
Please vote for my bunny in this contest
My dad is 59 and lost his job because of back problems how can he survive?
Need money for food (any amount will help).
[REQUEST] Help to get away from abusive situation
Unable to make rent, might be kicked out.
Need help with emergency dental work
Fight against childhood cancer charity run
I am in tough spot financially and need help figuring out what options are available to me.
[Req] Wife and I were held at gunpoint and robbed. In need of assistance.
[REQUEST] Superhero now in need of saving. Put on your cape, read my story, and save the day! Thank you.
[REQUEST] Donorschoose.org Classroom Project
Homeless in 6 days- what to do with cat. Mesa, AZ
[Request] I'll buy you a cup of coffee if you'll help me with my research!
FairTrade Survey - why do people buy/not buy Fairtrade - MAX 2 min
Facebook is discriminating me
Struggling "Artist" Needs Your Help
It takes a village
Can you fill out my questionnaire?
[Art Commissions for Assistance] Need money for meds and groceries
[Request] Auto repair assistance (Denver, Colorado)
Hey guys, I'm a fashion design student and atm I'm working on some subjects involving sustainability. If you could help me out and fill in a quick survey that would be amazing :)
I need an advice. Words. A simple gesture of empathy.
Will you help me win my school's study abroad contest by liking my picture on their Facebook page?
[Advice] Almost 3k in utilities bills... Electricity is getting cut of tomorrow morning and I'm the only one panicking.
Thanks to all that have helped me so far
[Request] Debit Card info stolen, needing help until it's sorted
Anything helps.
Thank you u/sunriselady_44 for the unexpected gift! It helps more than you can imagine!
My siblings and I lost our father 6 years ago and our mother just died unexpectedly last night. We can't afford her funeral expenses.
Need help getting through the month
[Request] Need food to last for 2 weeks
[Request] Desperate for dog food, cat food, and/or human food.
Help me pay for classes by buying my art.
Thank you so much u/Megadeathchick!
[request] help making it to work this week
Thank you so much! You made my day, my lip is not healed yet but I can smile because I could go to the hospital.
[Request] I hate doing this but I have no choice, can anyone send me £30?
Update on six year old with neuroblastoma
Help needed with medicine
[Survey] can you help me out by taking this survey for my research into online mental health services https://www.surveymonkey.com/r/VideoDMH-consumer
Remote/Virtual Customer Service Representative/ Personal Assistant with 2 years work experience $5
My mom's favorite doggy needs some help
I’m living with my abusive dad. He told me to leave the house but i have no job. Help.
Been in international LDR for two years. Please commission me so I can visit the love of my life.
Survey
Could use some help, helping my best friend out of a hard spot.
Thanks to everyone who has sold me items!
Could you please help me by taking this (literally) 1 minute survey for school?
[Request] A Call to Action : Family Welcomes Donations to Adopt Service Dog for 5-year old Boy with Autism (29 Days Left)
behind on this months rent.
Harassment
[REQUEST] £20 short of a bill, please help.
[Request] I know its a long shot, but my back is sorta against the wall here.
[OFFER] Two pairs size large black maternity pants
Thank you tical00
[Req] Assistance towards motorcycle gear (UK)
Help with a survey for my research topic on social media and its influence on people!
I'm not 100% sure what this means.
I have fallen behind on bills and can’t afford my rent. What resources are available to me?
any kind of help getting a birthday gift is greatly appreciated!
Please Help Me Get The Car I Need (https://www.gofundme.com/help-me-get-the-car-i-need)
My parents keep comparing me and it's disturbing me!!!HELP
Can anyone help please. Need food
[Req] Help me start my dream project where I want to return people back to my city!
Veterinary bills. Help needed
Emergency ER visit for puppy
Am in need of some help....
In need of a small loan to get me through until Tuesday....
Digital training buddy
would anyone like to donate to the john fund?
Searching: florist/horticulturalist/someone who can access a specific flower (할미꽃) for my mother
[REQ] ($150 ) - (#Brewton, Alabama, USA), ($80 4/3/18, $80 4/12/18), (PayPal)
Tired of living with bedbugs. Rebooting life. Help me help myself.
(Request) Need $300. Will repay $350 on 3/23/18
(REQ) $100 will pay back $150 on 3/29, San Antonio TX - Paypal
Survey help!
Requesting assistance with a large sum of money. Payback includes interest.
Need a design for a fold-up paper lantern
[REQ $80] About to start a new job and need some assistance
Need fund for plane ticket to New Zealand
Cartoonist/Story artist in between jobs and couch surfing: help?
[Request] Please help me fight Multiple Sclerosis
Struggling without a job no food and need to pay stuff
Need help getting through the month
[REQUEST] Help me find 1 TICKET to the Speed Skating World Championships in Montreal tomorrow (REWARD = $10)
Brandon, a veteran is starting his battle against cancer. Any help is appreciated!
[request] need help one last time
Funeral costs for a veteran with PTSD who couldn't face the pain anymore.
Desperate. Anything helps.
Homeless, and have a fine to pay by the 22nd
My Uncle Died, My mother needs closure.
(Request) I Need $30 I hope my username doesn’t spoil things
[Request] Help with my phone bill.
Need some help with a very quick Academic survey for school project
My 17 year old Cousin died yesterday on his way to school, any help appreciated
[REQUEST] Looking for help in paying for specialized treatment for my son with severe OCD
Would anyone be willing to sign up for ibotta using my refferal code?
Connection to Moana cast for six year old who is not expected to see her next birthday. Please.
[Request] Please help my friend get a suit for his mother's funeral
Needing a few extra bucks to get through the day
(Request) I need $30 to go to the hospital
Hospital bill after getting my arm broken in a fight.
Need $85 for medication and food, full-time student
1 cent on Paypal
My Girlfriends Begal needs help. Any assistance is welcomed
Conservatives: please take my survey
New job! In my field! Starting a month early! Women’s hiking gear or Amazon list?
Need $30 ASAP
Homeless and just got off a 12 hour shift.
Need fuel for lyft until tomorrow night
REQ] ($3 PP for $7 Starbucks) (#Beverly Hills, California, USA) (March, 16th) (PayPal) I'm out $3 for phone bill & don't want it marked late. Will provide $7 Starbucks + Transactt Receipt
[offer] $40 Fido top-up (Canada)
Does anyone know how someone could sell a gift card for immediate cash?
[Help] My partner is currently living in an abusive household and I'm afraid for their life. Any help would be beyond appreciated.
Help me pay off my debt by buying my art!
I need 150 by this Monday or I'll be kicked out college
A little advice on college stuff would be much appreciated :)
(req) need 2 eur for medical supply but shop wont accept my card
[Request] If you're willing, please take my survey on chewing gum. Thank you
[request] can someone help me get pizza? Having trouble with PayPal
place to live?
Scottish Charity Ceilidh
Small commission work for someone who knits/crochets.
Ran out of insulin, need some help until tomorrow! ($30)
$8 Needed to Avoid Defaulting on Consumers Payment Plan
[REQUEST] 800, help in saving my car and my transportation.
Non-profit wildlife rehab/animal shelter needs help caring for hoarder seizure animals until adoption
Creative Souls Kickstarter - Impacting Thousands of People with Disabilities
Lost my place to live, a little down on my luck right now.
OEF Veteran & Family in MA need help for Moving Costs
Doctor Vist
[REQ] In severe ear pain, can't afford Urgent Care.
[Serious] Please help save my dog's life.
Help me pay it forward by becoming certified as a suicide/crisis line volunteer through IMAlive.org
I started a Go Fund Me for a buddy of mine that needs help.
(Request) Puerto Rico mission trip
[OFFER] I have a $5 Amazon Gift Card to give away. Who wants it?
Our car was broken into but I’m still thankful
Just asking for some calming advice about a loud upstairs neighbour that is driving me mad right now.
[REQ] (500 ) - (#Fontana, CA, USA), ($250 on 4.14.18 & $250 on 4.31.18), (PayPal)
[Survey] Simple Carbon footprint survey for my Empirical Methods class. 16 questions, 1-2 minutes
[REQ] helping a single dad NOT get evicted.
Help me start my non-profit law firm that helps families in need!
[Request] living in a house again after 5 years on the streets, need help with house things
Hey, could you please help me out? I'm doing research for a school project and I need people to answer a few questions. It will only take about 2 minutes and I'd be really grateful. If there's anything I can do for you in return, let me know in the comments :)
I need disability help, please
a gift for a friend
Want to give- Prescription glasses
Struggling graduate trying to raise some money as my mental health is really suffering as a result
Need help figuring out who this is
Uni. students in need of Informational Interview with Pysch. Practitioners/ Researchers
[REQ] Sleeping bag and money for storage
Medical bills piled high.
Please help protect my little girl.
Need assistance with gas and electricity
(Request) Used Fetal Doppler
advice and help needed homeless and wanting to give university another try
In a tight spot, could use any help getting household items
Need help with food, my cellphone bill [Puyallup,WA]
Senior pup needs assistance
Would anyone here be willing to send me $1 on PayPal?
Currently Homeless -- away from abuse but can I barely feed myself
How to overcome guilt of a pet dying or being PTS?
Help finding an out of print book?
Disabled & Raising Special Needs Granddaughter - we need help
Since others are asking for money...
All bills hit at once and I just need to get through the week
Looking for advice on getting assistance in the Tacoma, WA area for a single mom
Their Dad killed their Mom, please Reddit, help if you can, or repost somewhere helpful. Thank you.
Their Dad killed their Mom.please Reddit, help these kids.
Need short term help
What app was used to take this picture?
Help a struggling couple buy groceries for the month?
Problems with bursts of anger and jealousy
Help me break a guy who tried to kill my dog
I'm in a bind, and not sure what to do.. Advice appreciated.
Student, F, 19 in debt and bills due. Need advice please.
Moving almost out of gas
Dealing with death or mom (MIL)
Need $20 to fill a prescription, and can pay it back by Friday with interest.
Proposal idea! I need your help sharing this please! You all are amazing in advance!
I need a little help Redditverse. I want the perfect proposal! And I know exactly how to do it!
[Academic] Market research for a mobile application. Win $25 amazon gift card (Age 18+, from USA)
[Request] Stuck in nursing home, hungry, no money
I need 1 cent in PayPal
Earn Lots Of Free Bitcoins By Using Google Chrome
Pls can y’all help me do this survey?im doing this for my project
I might need rent assistance this month
Got called back for a 2nd drug test. Failed it for marijuana. Now I’m jobless.
Help 3-Year Old Fight Cancer
I would like help writing a letter in braille (for a boy I am interested in becoming friends with).
Please help my girlfriend stay housed while she awaits life-saving treatment
Bought house and not moved in yet...depression...advice appreciated
How do I change titles of people on a Wikipedia article?
Advice on where to post my husband's GoFundMe campaign?
Dissertation interviewees needed!
A FRIEND IN NEED PLEASE READ.
REQUEST: Help my husband's GoFundMe Campaign
HEY!!! I need help buying a switch
Need help promoting nonviolence
[Request] Desperately need help paying rent this month, that’s already a few weeks late
[Request] Selling house and moving with 8 month old daughter and pregnant girlfriend
Request recently I lost a friend started drinking a lot and lost all my month food budget to alcohol. Trying going to AA
Lucy needs our help
Underweight and kinda sad... any tips?
Cure Our Cat’s Cancer
Advice for calming down and how not to get fined a ton of money for a parking ticket?!
[Request] I need help paying for my cat's kidney disease treatments and much needed dental care.
Please help me smile again
Help My Friend Find A Kidney Donor
Help My Friend Find a Kidney Donor
I need a kidney transplant
Can someone PayPal me 20 bucks?
I need help finding a subreddit to actually ask questions
Stranded family in deasprate need of help
Can anyone transfer me 20 bucks ?
Financial help, health compromised with dental issues. Will document journey vlog style for helpers.
Zero idea on what to do about truck problem. S.O.S
Help me become an IMAlive.org Certified Crisis Volunteer!
Urgent! Need a bed.
MA Veteran & his family need help w/moving costs
Family of a MA Veteran needs help w/moving costs
[REQUEST] Help me get to The World Scholar's Cup!
My friend needs alot of help with saving her dogs eye, please help her out if you can.
Help a single Mother with special needs child buy food/pay for utilities ?
[REQUEST] Little Chico needs our help.
[Request] I am homeless, used to sleep in my minivan, but it died.
Please help my friend win reading festival tickets!
Offer: $250 Amazon GC to a Struggling Person
Ok so I'm in desperate need for £350.
Can you help ne with my wedding?
Anything will help!
Participants Needed for Anonymous Online Survey (18 or older, Fluent in English) for Doctoral Research on Sexual Health.
No-Kill shelter CISAR in central Illinois is closing its doors somewhat unexpectedly. We need help re-homing all the animals! Please help spread the word to help out these animals!!
Find on page number higher than x?
Partner is doing dechox and needs support
Really need a remote job.
Please Help My Mom Get Gas
How do I receive donations through reddit?
Can a long time user please answer a few questions? Thank you
Help get my puppy better
i just moved to houston
Please help give our doggy Rufus surgery he needs. He's in alot of pain and discomfort and won't make his next birthday of not treated.
Need help will repay once my check comes in.
Oklahoma city - Plumbing: Need help, a hand, a guide, or donation? Or any other suggestions?
My mother wants to euthanize our family cat because she can’t afford a surgery to remove a mouth mass. The cat doesn’t deserve to die and has so many years ahead.
[REQUEST] please help me save my cat eden
[Help] Rufus dog needs surgery
[OFFER] $40 OFF BLUEAPRON
[THANKS] Thank you tons /u/PizzaWithRanch_
I asked Pharma Bro for money https://imgur.com/SefZceF
Help my brother in law - Arthur requires therapy and treatment after an accident
Pain keeps me from working, hungry.
[Request] WA - Need something to eat. It's been days.
Need help will repay
All the channels on my spectrum receiver are locked , what should i do?
25 year old transwoman looking for generosity.
please
[Request] Luna's Surgery
Starving till payday
My Good friends doggo is sick and getting worse. Trying to help him out.
Got accepted for a great internship, but it's unpaid. Need financial help.
I just can't find specs for this vintage audio amplifier on the internet
I need help getting groceries/paying bills for my special needs daughter and I
[Thanks] To /u/zjuka, of which I have not enough words to thank.
I Might Be A Savant Of Sorts And Need Help
Helping my dad replace stolen tools
Please Help
Cat seems sick
Help Ollie fight Parvo!
Done
Need an affordable guarantor (Texas)
My family and I need help. Cleaning wise.
Need help getting cat to animal center (NYC)
Canadian looking for a good samaritan who could spare $20
$5 for lunch.
Seriously needing help!!
My cat has cancer - please help
In terrible shape needing help
Need help sending letters to troops.
How do I find someone to visit grandma and help with her taxes?
Christine is fighting Cancer again - now with more hair loss and cool (?) scars!
[REQUEST] Out of work for a while courtesy of a tumour in my leg
[Survey] Final Major Project Survey
Borderline homeless, need help keeping my phone on
Down on my luck, needing assistance
Patrica Cuffees Blog
[Request] Homeless just want something to eat
I just need more karma
[Thanks] PizzaWithRanch_ for the pizza!
Fees & rent
Thank you to u/PizzaWithRanch_
Fast food problems!!!Guys help me do this survey it’s important I need it by 5(1hr left)
[Request] Shut-in needs basics
(Survey) Hot Wheels
Please help make sure i can eat/get to work this week!!! (Melbourne, Australia)
[Offer] Anyone need a warm hand-knitted beanie? Adults, kids, even babies?
[Request] My friend is in an incredibly difficult financial situation and any assistance would be greatly appreciated
go fund me to from mission trip to haiti
Request Tulsa OK 150 pay back on 27 of March
[Update] "It feels like the sky is falling. Desperately need help with power bill, just the newest hurdle in a line of huge tragedies."
Need help and/or advise on saying my house with a twist
Thanks so much Pizzawithranch
[Offer] Would anyone like a pizza? 🍕
My dog Navi is sick and I've already gone broke trying to heal her
[Request] Gas money and some ramen.
Need help
I need to delete an old YouTube channel
Can someone in Portland, OR give me a small job on the weekends? I have a brain condition and have issues with memory and attention, fine detail, but I want to work
Need Help, my eye glasses have broken today, these pair I have had for over two years. I have no insurance or job/money to replace them any time soon. My eyesight is really bad, nearsighteness, astigmatism and lazy eye.
Veteran in need of short term assistance =/
[REQ] Anything would help. My fiancé and I are in desperate need of $70 as soon as possible, to keep our gas on for another month at least.
Veteran in need of short term assistance =/
[REQ] Anything would help. My fiancé and I are behind on our bills due to medical bills and being off work because of a recent accident he was in. $70 would keep our gas on for another month.
[REQ] My fiancé and I have fallen behind on our bills due to an injury from a recent accident, the medical bills have piled up. We’re in desperate need of $70 asap. We’ve already pushed our gas bill to the limit and they’re getting ready to turn it off. Any help would be greatly appreciated. Thanks.
[Offer] Free Blue Apron/Plated boxes (groceries for 3 two-person meals)
Help me read the signature on this painting.
[REQ] at least $5.01 to "unlock" my PayPal money
Please help my service dog's farm raise funds
Girlfriend Depressed, drinking. Help
Urgent!Cat facing euthanasia after being hit by a car. Please can anyone spare a donation?
I ran out of food 5 days ago and I have 20 more to go.
Got laid off, need help.
https://gogetfunding.com/letshelpalex/
Does anyone fancy brightening the life of a young single mother from UK on mother's day this coming Sunday
Hello redditors- I need an $300 to pay for my enrolment fee.
Please help share my story so I can raise enough money to provide my dog with much needed medical attention
Thank you to /u/moonjumper213 for getting me a replacement ac adapter!
[Request] My birthday is on March 13th. I feel old, and I]m only turning 30.
My birthday is on March 13. I'm feeling old, and I'm only turning 30.
Financial Help due to family death
Survey for my English 102 class
/r/randomkindness X-Post: In dire need of a suit [Reston, VA]
Can u guys help me again?sry
Thx so much
I need help to clear my debt
I got scammed and im in debt because of twitch donations, only 10$ i ask for i dont have a job to pay it off
I need a replacement charger for my pc as fast as possible, to continue contact with friends and for school work.
Need gas money-promise to pay back!
Needing Reddit Help with my Medical Insurance Payment.($200)
[REQ] ($200) Help! My new insurance hasn't approved my seizure medication yet and I can't miss a dose!
Help me to help others who can then help others
Looking for help with groceries till payday.
Funeral, moving - in desperate need of help 60€
An Act of Quiet Desperation
Behind on everything
Please help! Need $8.82CAD sent to my PayPal to avoid getting more NSF charges
RE: Young family on the verge of losing everything, please help!
Please help my cat Sebastian
Pls help me guys I need people to finish my survey in 4 hours
Can u guys help me
Homeless with a baby - any kind of help
Thank You!
Need respondents for my Australia Day survey, any help is appreciated!
Help just need $8.75 to get an uber home
I need help finding cheap car hauling service, from MN to AZ in April
Looking for an interview of a ceo or owner of a successful franchise
Online Tutor for Underprivileged Students, Please Help Me
I need $10 USD in my PayPal in the next 20-30 mins!
Need 50€ to fix a stupid problem
Need a new couch
Please help me pay for my 18 month olds medical treatments
need 20 cents in paypal really qucik
Need 50 to get my first check for gas and toiletries
MEDICAL - Raising funds for Medical Response Dog Training for an amazing little boy! Please take a moment and read the little guy’s story and consider helping!
[Request] Assistance with groceries. Broke for the next two weeks.
Assistance needed, No money for two weeks while new job kicks in and no food, looking for a pizza to get me through the next two-3 days
Please Help a Terrible Boyfriend
Help With Rent. Raleigh, NC.
Bedroom Furniture near Nashville, TN
I'm Cycling from Houston to Austin in the BP MS150 in April.
[Advice] Do you have any recipes, tips, or suggestion for weight loss?
[Thanks] /u/ladyjanegr for everything.
We just adopted our daughter in Feb. Now she'd like to give back to other kids that are about to start their Foster Care journey.
Need help raising the last $50 for my charity Lemon walk
Homelessness research project help!
I need $50 to reach my goal, fight against children's cancer
Let’s help 7 year old Tyler get a Nintendo Switch!
A dream deferred
Car broke down
Dear redditors, i need you help, everything you need to know is down bellow
Can I call you for a second?
Unemployment
Lost everything i have and need to get home to Illinois
Please lend a helping to support my brother-in-law fight against Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia. your Generosity and Contribution will help us get through this difficult time
[REQUEST] Need $60 to get to and from work for the next week
Need to kick the Lyme Disease so I can finally treat all my other illnesses. Got any CBD oil or Oil of Oregano? Or anything else that works? Maybe some therapeutic massage? A PATH card?
Hey. I want to win this twitter competition - but don't know anybody with twitter.
Lost debit card, no money anywhere and haven’t eaten anything besides peanut butter the past two days
I want to make a film. I have 5 days left on my crowdfunding campaign and only 10% of my goal.
Struggling Student F/19
University of California, Berkeley research initiative to understand gaming and livestreaming trends - please fill out the survey and help!
Assistance with gas and groceries.
My family adopted a boy from Ethiopia. He’s good at English, but none of us speak Amharic. He is struggling with some words. I’d like to make him a vocabulary list of some of the most common English words and their Amharic translations.
[Medical] My Husband just suffered a second stroke, rehab is refusing to take him without the $6000 deductible up front
Urgent: Homeless sister and brother need help
Assistance with gas and groceries
[Survey] College Students/Alumni, please take this survey on financial aid. (18+)
[Request]Mother of 3 needing a pizza for the kids
I desperately need a car, don't know where else to turn
Can anyone help me tabulate this data?
[votes/surveys] about travel with airlines (short)
Can anyone help me tabulate this survey data?
Need help to tabulate this survey data
[deleted by user]
How to get my stuff from my parent's home (Urgent, please help!)
[Request] dire straights... Only asking for food-stuff or toiletries.
[deleted by user]
[request] help with floor jack to repair truck
Need help finally moving into our place.
Flair:request. I have a gift card to Barnes and Nobles totaling about $25. Can anyone convert that to cash for me?
Need help keeping gas off
Kitty broke his legs again and needs to have them reset or else he will be put down. Please help.
Help with a slogan for new business venture!
[H] Gamestop $7.54x15 ($120) [W] Someone with local Gamestop to swap these into Psn GC. At $10 profit via PayPal or Gamestop GC is yours
Need help getting home
Help a sweet homeless and injured dog go to the vet
I’m in need of some money so I can purchase my first vehicle.
How can i began to be a cartoonish
[Offer] Size large black maternity leggings
Help me escape from Venezuela
Hungry diabetic living alone.
[REQ] I need $48 to pay shipping for my favorite tea
My sister was in a car accident. Please help. Needs money for follow up visits. Excess will goto a replacement used car because hers is totaled.
[Request] Short-term mission in Panama City Beach
Looking to make a survey where people can listen to an audio file/excerpt and then answer questions on it, repeating about 5 or so times. Anyone know where I can do this?
Transit Card (Presto) is Charging Me for Buses I didn’t Take (Important)
My dog needs a $400 surgery to remove a hernia in her tummy. All of my money is going towards moving out and paying bills and I could really use some help right now.
I'm embarrassed, but I need help
Please help me go to Los Roques!
My house is about to be repossessed
Finally had knee tumour removed. Just need some help to get through recovery
Can you fill out a short survey on cooking preferences for my University project?
[Thanks] Thanks a million quadrillion
Disabled little person moved into an apt of my own. First one!
[Request] Please help me survive until I get disabilty
[Request] In need of assistance with rent for this month
I have Meniere's Disease and need assistance...
[Request] Please help me make my best friend's birthday special?
[REQUEST] Please help support our family after my mother’s heart transplant
[REQUEST] Help moving forward due to health issues.
Help my service dog company raise funds please
[REQUEST] Helping my sister get back on her feet (literally) after some freak neurological issues
I just got back on my feet, but I can't pay rent...
[Request] Need little money to buy some foods
[request] I require money to escape from home
Advice on looking for grants/financial assistance for vehicle repair/replacement in CA
[Thanks] ForLoveOfHumanKind, Kim and Tom
My life’s a mess, I don’t want to sleep in my car tonight
Senior asking for help naming a project
Again, just venting
Anger out of frustation
[Thanks] Thank you so damn much u/CheesecakeTruffles you helped me out immensely!
Really need help with our rent, food, and a bus pass.
i feelt boring
[H] Gamestop $10x3 + $5x4 [W] Someone with local Gamestop to swap these into $40 GC. At $10 profit via PayPal or Gamestop GC is yours
Stressed to easily
[N] Someone to swap my $120 Canadian Cineplex GC (Pawnshop or cardswap.com at 45%). As I'm currently in US visiting family & unable to swap for week + awaiting paycheck.
Maybe someone is willing to help? Still trying hard
I started an Instagram page to help me through my depression and I need help gaining followers/building it
Please help!
Need cheap baby girl clothes?
[Request] Hard up for clothes
Does anyone here have any personal experience with deportation/immigration?
Helping my mother with assistance somehow.
Flair:offer. I have $43 in Dick Blick credit. Can anyone convert that to cash for me?
GAS Help
[RQ]Asking for any sort of kindness at all. Not asking for money, as per the rules, but my rear window was smashed out... I added a picture to prove I'm not lying. Someone accused me of that.
Can someone help me find this?
Being broke sucks I need $60-80 for groceries.
[Advice] How can I fully cover my bases?
We're making a low-budget film about the trauma of domestic abuse.
I need a volunteer marginalized voice for my Human Relation class's Q&A around April 6-7th
If anyone could help me with my phone bill, I'd be grateful!
Help for my Cousin, Mother of Two, Lost her husband when a trench collapsed on him
Thank you Iamjasw!!!
A small Helping Hand
Help please! I am volunteering living with a disabled vet. Please read story and help
[Advice] Where Can I Buy A Prom Dress?
need to get my wifes cell phone back on
UploadGIG help
[REQ] Need help paying for dental procedure
[Request] Desperately in need of $60 to keep a roof over my family's heads.
Where can I post my survey? It's for ENG 1A class. I only need 10 participants.. Can anyone help?
Woman desperately need help with MS
Stage 4 Colon Cancer
Good vibes needed
Any amount helps! Go fund me
Dangerous roommate
Trying to help my friend out
[Help] I will oficially become homeless.
Tuesdays are better left in bed
I'm a Venezuelan having a hard time and I want to leave the country
Materialism and conspicuous consumption survey
[Advice] How to get a job I'm not exactly qualified for?
How to get 1000€ to pay for university in one/few days?
Please help us fund our Grad Film!
REQUEST:Help my cousin get back on his feet after getting hit by a car!
I need money for food so I can feed my family
Help us fund our upcoming 2018 Graduate Film!
Last time I will ever need assistance!!! I got my first job, I need clothes for an interview.
Please help Ollie's family with Travel and Medical Expenses!!
Help me and my sister get out of a COMMuNIST COUNTRY (just 500$) GOD Bless YOU
Help with food (Venezuela)
I have a friend who has started a Gofundme page to help the homeless here in San Diego. Any donation or even spreading the word would be greatly appreciated. Thank you
[Request] Please help me survive until I get disabilty
Soon to be homeless veteran
[Survey] I need participants for my undergrad project - thanks!
What you need to know about Business Financing
[Survey] I need participants specifically males, to take my survey so I can graduate.
I need help with getting some things I've been needing for a while. Details inside
I dont have money for menstrual products for the next month and i'm on my period right now
[Thanks] To all the people that took my math survey 2 months ago...
Looking for lenders on a business loan through Kiva, we're over halfway to the KIVA small business loan: over halfway to goal with 3 DAYS left!
got conned and now need some help
Need help with my overdrawn account.
I need to find a home for my dog (Philadelphia)
Assistance for orthodontic treatment, ouch
Kitten Attacked by Dog... Brain Damage- but there is a chance for Sweet Pea
Help with Rec Softball Research Project by Taking Survey
[Request] Need help with dental fees
REQUEST/DONATIONS
Help Thanda who comes from poverty achieve the opportunity to work on cruise ships by donating or spreading the word. Link below to GoGetFunding.
(Request) No money for rent due in 2 days
I need help processing this
One of my good friends is dying.
Help my dad fight cancer, please
Mom & children funeral fund
Vet bills and a college student's salary
[Request] $ Shut-in needs basics
Anyone traveling to Antarctica?
A lowley sailor with a wife 2174 miles away
A lonely sailor with a wife 2174 miles away.
Not enough karma for u/borrow. Requesting $200 loan.
OFFER [Offer] Shoulder to cry on, here to listen
I need to get 100 survey response around distracted driving (texting)
Theatre New York Trip for Impoverished Children
I can never catch a break in life.
Can You Describe These?
(REQUEST) Could use some help from about 5 people please?
Can someone help me translate from Mandarin Chinese?
In Need of Immediate Help
Don't ask any questions, how do I get my phone out of my bath drain?
*BEGGING YOU TO READ AND HELP* Requesting a small monitary loan that i can pay back over time~
Looking to make a bad day better.
[Request] Please help make my best friend's birthday special? [www]
Doing something good.
Need Help With a Computer Science Assignment
Please help my school’s computer science program!
Need some help getting some food
I can't write well, I'm trying to explain to customers I run a non-profit and that it stops the cycle of abuse but I can't summarize it well enough! Can anyone help?
A POST NOT ASKING FOR ANY KIND OF MONEY FOR ONCE!!! IT'S COOL IDEA, LIKE PEN PALS OF REDDIT AND THE WORLD. CHECK IT OUT!
Fastest way to get 25 cents on paypal? Need to complete a purchase and im 25 cents short
In need of uber gift card to help me get to work.
Please help us make our next short film "Dual Interest" a reality.
My niece Quinn found a fundraiser with the American Heart Association. She felt so bad that kids had to go through problems like that. She wrote, and filmed her fundraiser video. Please consider donating. Even $1 help. 100% of donations go to AMA and will show Quinn that good is still in the world!
Need My Cats Please Help
[request]Some fun for my kids
[Canada][Request]Homeless but just got a job! however need $20 for GO bus to Toronto
Less than 24 hours to go! Please help!
Do your good deed for the day
Low income family car donations charities?
Request help with milk eggs and bread for our family
5 Quick Steps To Waking Up Early
[Request] I’m in the navy and have the opportunity to go home March 7th-11th but don’t have $500 for plane tickets. Otherwise I won’t be able to go home until late September. 10.5 months away from home. Any help would be appreciated!
[Survey] Hot Wheels questionnaire
Need $5 Paypal for gift
[OFFER] $100 gift card for a struggling single mother
UPDATE: Apollo for reddit iOS users needed for short survey for uni degree
[Survey] Relationships between lifestyle and mental health (18-22 University Student)
Please donate to my charity page if you have spare change/you're feeling generous! It's an amazing cause to promote mental health awareness and help sufferers. https://www.justgiving.com/fundraising/heather-mulrenan
Seventeen dollars in bank and husband about to lose his jo over it.
Psychology Survey - Attitudes
Hello all I haven’t eaten in 3 days and I need some kind of help
Help me get a chest binder.
Bedbound for 23 years, now has a chance to return to the world. Will you help?
Please help me.
Took LOANS out for an EX-BOYFRIEND... I’m sure you know how this story unfolds. Ideas on extra income welcomed.
Hi everyone. Although I don't have a very sad story for my Go Fund me, I am hoping to help someone else in need. There is an elderly lady at work who has a huge heart for everyone. She never asks for help but she's in need right now and I'm hoping to surprise her! For more, pease read the story :)
College Student Needs Money for School Expenses (Details)
Hello all, fellow redditor for Kansas City. My precious cat needs medical treatment and my funds for said medical needs are going towards a unexpected move. Please help?
[Request] Please help me survive until I get disabilty
Help fill out a survey about Toronto!
Broke up with my boyfriend of 4 years, need to find a place by the end of the month. Only have $450 to my name and can’t move back in with my parents. Will pay back ASAP.
Need a small loan until payday, $60
I have $19 in Amazon credit. Would anyone convert this to cash for groceries/tobacco?
Please answer a 1 question survey for my math project! (If you’re a student of some sort)
This is Humiliating
Psychology Survey - Dissertation data [UNI STUDENTS]
Fired yYsterday
What do you think of these product ideas for employee engagement?
Can somebody please help me land some writing gigs?
Help with short uni questionnaire
Please Help my friend get his Sister into Detox/Recovery Post Relapse.
Boise Idaho capitol building -Looking for someone that can tour me and someone Im trying to impress.
[Request] $ Shut-in needs basics
My veteran brother needs some help.
Haven't eaten in a few days -- $50 loan can be repaid on Friday
[Request] Food.
[REQ] $50 for driver’s license renewal
[deleted by user]
Survey for HR Professionals
The teachers of MSD Parkland need to decorate and rebuild their classrooms. Everything was lost in the building where the shooting took place.
[Medical] Our Story- Baby Loss #5, Hospital Bills, and Future IVF
My good buddy needs help getting to Florida for life changing treatment.
[offer] Life/fullfillment coaching
Can somebady can explain me how get points here?
$450 to finally have a life
$200 for food
I need $20 for the Black Knight | Fortnite
Looking for Support for our youtube channel
[REQ] Help buying access code for college!
Private Lender (loan)
$35 for Phone Bill Until Payday
Anyone In (W)Michigan with a spare beater? [20]
Emergency Move and I Need Some Advice
[REQUEST] Hey! ran out of food, none in the apartment. i'm not going to be able to get anything for a few days if anyone can help i'll pay it forward soon!
Please consider donating a small amount for our beautiful border collie, Lenny
Getting request accepted on r/borrow
Help me build a PC.
Help me win a Photography contest to buy my first camera.
Someone just tried to break into my apartment with a knife. I didnt see him. What should I do?
Need a way out
[Request] Student needing to borrow £60 for a few weeks
[Request] Help 22yo pay pet hospital bills for late 5yo cat dx w renal failure
Advice for a father's headstone (Marble + Bronze = safe?)
[Advice] Assaulted and forcefully Kicked out of my house i rent a room from no notice.
I don't know what to title this..
[Request] Help Raising Funds - Autism Service Dog
Need help with 14 year-old who might have a drinking problem
Hello people of r/Assistance i need your help
CANADA: Please check out my Scentsy party
Fundraising for my girlfriend.
[Request] Need a Wal Mart receipt for It on DVD or Despicable Me 3 on Blu Ray
Down on Luck and Depressed
[Request] In a bit of a tight spot. Could anybody please assist a little bit with some food and clothes? [Watford, UK]
I don't know what to do about my job application fears...
Binder help?
Gofundme to help fix my car?
Offering Assistance to those with SEVERE SKIN ISSUES
[Medical Request] Need the dermatologist but no health insurance.
In need of Assistance to get some food
Survey Participants Needed for A Study On Infidelity And Prejudice
I need help moving out of state for medical reasons
Broken foot has left me unable to work. Would you please take a look at my Etsy shop?
Hi everyone...I’m in need of some assistance
Looking to borrow $40, will pay back Friday with interest.
Film major college student with a broken hard drive
help me win a internship contest
Help me win my internship contest
My mom keeps taking my stuff.
Mom needing help this month...
[deleted by user]
Constructive criticism only - rate my website
Need someone that's travelling to Stockholm, Sweden and arriving before or on Monday the 26:th
Need someone thats travelling to Stockholm, Sweden and arriving before or on Monday the 26:th
Small 5 Question Survey
Fighting Cancer
Student who extra fucked up with XIV(/r/tradexiv), looking for any type of job/assistance.
[Request] help me with my studies on strategy and micro economics. I am final year undergrad, struggling with my grades.
Need List of Side Gigs, Websites to make real $, any other legit/confirmed ways to earn some extra money while waiting to start new job.
Need help with money! ASAP!
Help Autistic Boy get Service Dog
Thanks /u/jessicamshannon
[Votes/Surveys] Survey on Nuclear Energy for a Research Paper
$45 until Friday
I need help with rent
My fridge broke down today. I should be able to replace it Friday but my family needs food for a few days. Can anyone help?
[Request] Needing a List of Gig Jobs
Help with Rent- $150
Help finding a roofer at good price
[Request] In search of assistance to help raise money for family in need
[Thanks] u/steveinbuffalo
Prove me ur religion is the best by donating in respective wallet.
Please if some can help with my amazon wish list, thank you
School Project Kindle Books
[Request] Help baby lara with her brain tumor
Help My friend get back to uni!
Selling crocheted items to raise money for rent (received eviction notice!)
I’m raising money for a nonprofit organization for my birthday and even $1 will make me closer to my goal.
[REQ] $300 loan, SA TX, Will pay back $360 on Feb 24th (PayPal)
I'm trying out this whole 'artist' thing. Any support would be greatly appreciated!
New post I'm trying out this whole 'artist' thing. Any support would be greatly appreciated!
My problems are mundane but we all could get by with a little help from our friends
I never received an itemized statement from my apartment community. Now I have a letter from a bill collector and threats to be taken to court.
Help Bear the blind mastiff pay for her surgeries
[deleted by user]
Please Help me rescue an ESA
I need $60 for rent
[CAT] Joaquin Phoenix the Kitty Needs Surgery
Please help me make my best friend's birthday special?
Looking for a name of coffee house
[Survey] the perceptions of victims on social networking sites [repost]
Just need some advice at this point.
Help me rescue an ESA dog
75 dollars for fuel and food
$50 loan will pay back $65 on Fri (prearranged)
Trying to raise $200 to attend a writing conference
Best way to learn English.
$50 loan will pay back $65 - San Antonio TX
University student needing help with bills (£55)
Help sharing or donating would be grately appreciated!
[request] Help beautiful baby Lara beat cancer
[Request] My family and I are in need of some assistance please.
Need a reason to smile.
I'm running for office as part of Model Legislature and I need help with a slogan.
[request] Loan for PC build.
help me get to Spain
I really need help with this GoFundMe.
I need to proofread my university application
[Request] Needing a little help just having enough food for the next 2 weeks
Fundraiser for Connecticut Children’s Medical Center.
Venezuelan guy, father of 3, can't afford steam games.
Help VOTE for Design
[REQUEST] Need funds for emergency vet visit
[Link] HELP fight the fight with Tony Lee!
Hi, I am observing the Youtube vlogging community and I would appreciate it if someone who commonly watches vloggers would answer these questions. Thanks!
[Request] PLZ help me avoid eviction!
Car broke am walking to work
[Survey] the perception of victims on social networking sites (18yrs+) dissertation project
THANK YOU TORYNN
My best friend needs to get to an out of town funeral.
[Offer] Skincare and Sheetmasks
2 emergency vet visits within 2 weeks, a little overwhelmed.
St. Baldricks 1 week challenge.
Friends dad is asking for Donations to American Foundation for Suicide Prevention
[Request] In search of assistance to keep me afloat until I get disability approved
[REQ] Need financial assistance, not enough karma to post on r/borrow either way I’m grateful of any help/support received here
Friends dad is asking for donations to the American Foundation for suicide prevention
[Request] I need help with driving fines I had from 2011 that are preventing me from getting a nice job.
I finally moved out of my mentally abusive parents house. I need help monetary and wishlist wise.
[Medical] Help needed for family of double lung transplant recipient
Looking for a $1 donation from anyone willing to help underprivileged students receive the education/opportunities they deserve!
(Survey) Survey for Developing a New Product to help those with Disabilities
Red Bull Can You Make It Challenge!
Please Help My College Win a Social Media War for Student Scholarship Money!!
Anything will help or at least share it around
How to obtain $175 for airline plane tickets?
Need responses for a statistics class survey
Just a hope? One month of help.
Little boys with DMD want to be able to go out to play and have fun
How do I fund my internship- advice
[Request] gift card for gas, diapers and groceries.
Help our beloved family cat Bootsy return home
Help me win my alumni challenge
[REQ] [FL] I got mugged outside my apartment and I lost everything
[Help] Need some form of financial support but not enough karma to request on here or on r/borrow
[REQUEST] rent is way past due
[REQUEST] rent is way past due
Help me and my team make it into the Red Bull Can You Make It 2018 comp
Looking for a Comprehensive Edit of Life Story (Warning: Contains Graphic Descriptions of Extreme Violence Against Children-No Explicit Sex)
[REFERRAL] Been really sick for a week and I've missed a lot of work. My car payment is coming up and I can't make it-- I'm not asking for money, but you can help me out my downloading an app.
Looking for a subreddit who will take a survey for me?
[Thanks] The cat shelter thanks for all the kind donations received
Today I ran out of formula, my daughter really needs it to get fed. I wish I had the option to breastfeed but I didn’t produce enough milk. Can someone please help? Thank you 🙏
Surgery for my cat
Please help us recoup from hambones surgery...
[Request]Would someone in Lone Tree, CO or anyone near LLBean store area pick up and ship an item to CA (paid) for me?
[Request] Need food, anywhere would help.
One Time Emergency Help with Groceries for Step Daughter
Girl wants me to trust her with my bank account.
One Time Emergency Help with Groceries for Step Daughter
Cheated on, Homeless, Jobless, and Car-less
*Repost* Still need a little help with clothes
Help me become debt free! (Advice only)
Sick lady needs some good advice
PLEASE HELP MY BOSS FELLOW REDDITORS!! PRANK GONE WRONG
[REQUEST] These past couple weeks have drained me emotionally, physically, and financially
Looking for a $1 donation from anyone willing to help underprivileged students receive the education/opportunities they deserve.
i am making a last ditch effort to get my mental health under control & need financial help
Did I do the right thing?
College Interview, Need Help From One Redditor Heavily Involved On Reddit
Request for any food or help please [England]
looking for clothes as i have pretty much nothing! can anyone help? (request, san diego ca)
Really need formula
subs to post survey
Advice. Not a handout. On car issues.
Can someone draw something for me?
Thanks to u/Eluviete and u/TheRealChrisCringle2 for giving me the means to make my mother's birthday really special in NYC.
Help donate to my school's Winter Guard
Trying to help a dear friend
Request
a little help with bills
Need assistance with 20 dollars.
Need to get daughter to performance
Bank card stolen, need food [Dayton]
Raising Money to help a college kid(me) spay my beautiful Labrador Retriever/best friend. Anything would help!
Please help my cat. He needs surgery on his ear and I can’t afford it.
GoFundMe page for a young teacher at my son's school, battling Stage 4 lung and liver cancer
[Request] The stomach virus has took over my house, could use some cleaning supplies
Looking for female survey takers for a survey about online shopping
[Request] please help fund my teaching abroad
[REQUEST] Could any of you please spare 10 dollars?
Hey , I really really need help . Would appreciate any kind of help
Every time I use a lens towelette to clean my glasses they look foggy and smeared. Better solution?
Fractured 5th Metatarsal days before starting a new job. I have no health insurance, and I can't work for several weeks until my injury heels.
Need help for college please
Dog Agus is very ill. His best friend, cat Bacha knows something is wrong and is keeping vigil over him. Owner is absolutely strapped with his own medical costs.
College Class Interview, Need At Least One Person
[REQ] Need £80, or whatever you can give, for electric meter and living expenses
Dog Agus is very ill. His best friend, cat Bacha knows something is wrong and is keeping vigil over him. Owner is absolutely strapped with his own medical costs.
Fundraising with a 55 Mile walk from London to Milton Keynes in 1 Day to Achieve Terminal Friends Dream
[REQ] Need Money For My Father's Medicine and Hospital Bills (PayPal)
I got screwed by a car dealer
Urgent Help: My Father Suffers From Hypertensive Crisis, His Blood Pressure is 201/120
My Father Is In the Hospital Now, Suffering From Hypertensive Crisis (Blood Pressure of 201/120), Help Me Pay the Medical Bills
[Request] Trying to keep our toddler from homelessness (advice/assistance)
[REQ] ($50) (#Bastrop, TX, USA), ($75 on Feb. 20), (Paypal)
Help with my friends kidney expenses
Anyone have a Walmart gift card I could get? Struggling with groceries.
I need food badly.
[REQUEST] A little gift for my lovely little sister
Please help us.
Help my friend with his energy bill to make it through the winter [Spokane]
[REQUEST] need help with food
Desperate
Car stolen with wheelchair for paralyzed 3 year old. The toddler can’t attend school/move around without it. The wheelchair costs up to $7000 and it would take insurance over a year to receive a replacement.
Help me make it to next month.
Please help fund my education and move
Help save my cousin's kittens from being put to sleep!
Please fill out this survey about travelling. It's for a Master's project.
Please help her
Looking for Donations For a 22 year old College Student
[REQ] Need $100, Repayment date, February 17, 2018, PayPal
Newly disabled & Need Immediate Help! [Update]
Please help me help them. ❤️ Thank you.
Help me get a roof over my head?
Keep car from repossession.
Need helping keeping my home (property tax)
Help get my father's grave a headstone
Need help putting together a gift from people around the world
Need assistance with diapers and gas
I can’t get ahead with the Uber costs
Please can somebody help me get a switch?
Please help me keep the house I grew up in.
Need Help For Vet Visit
Could I have a month of ps plus?
Support/love for an artist?
Need help with a motel tonight
Need $1 To Donate to Artist's Patrein
where can I post a survey I made for a school project?
My dear friend just spent $2000 on vet bills only to have her young cat die anyway-she's a student who needs help if you can spare anything (every dollar helps). Thanks for looking.
[Thank you] /u/Rifu86 for helping me!
Looking for sticker donations
I need $45 for a job interview!
Back Wind Shield Shattered
My Cat Needs Surgery
Please, you're my only hope, what do I do?
[Request] Seeking assistance
Help Repair Vandalism and Replace Theft
Need Help ASAP please
Taking anything from advice to assistance
A gift card or PayPal so my gf and I can eat today..
I'm a loser that gave up, but i want to change
Need grocery money
I'm a student and I desperately need help
My kids and I are hungry
[request] 100.00 for me to bury my dog
Need help with memorial for late husband.
Cancer patient needs help!
[Request] Send me $50 via Square Cash and I'll immediately Paypal you $55
Help! My grandma was robbed and threatened </3
Fundraiser for Children’s Hospital
[Request] £200 - to be repaid in 17 days with interest (PayPal)
Tooth extractions no insurance
[REQ] £50 for electric meter.
[REQUEST] $70 for 2 sessions in therapy
HELP! Unable to obtain Medicare because DOB on driver license and passport don't match ?
[REQ] Help with food?
Some banks let you overdraft your account
Really silly question but I am not sure where else I can post it
Extra income
meme trap cards
My puppy needs surgery and it's beyond my price range
[GoFundMe] Homeless
[REQ] Need help with rent, being given a notice if I don't pay (UK, Hertfordshire)
Little help with food until I start
Please Help the kids and I float until I can catch up
[REQUEST] Help me pick out food for the rest of the month on Amazon Prime Pantry! [Advice]
[request] $200 until Feb. 23rd 2018 via PayPal.
Interview questions for an immigrant or ESOL (English speakers of other languages)?
[REQUEST] Lost Cat found made itself at home, need money to take care of it and find it's owner
little help with food?
[GoFundMe] Monetary assistance for my dad who was just diagnosed with Stage IV Colon Cancer
$125 loan for $150 return
Looking for a person to be a guarantor (Ottawa ON)
(Canada only) Giving away bras to women who need them. 32A, 32D, 34B, 34D, & 34DDD
[request] Single dad needs some help [reposted]
Send a card
[Need Suggestions]How do I make Valentine's Day special for my ldr SO?
How to Make a 32 Man Bracket on Challonge?
Please consider helping me out with my uni dissertation! 10 minute survey (Over 18s only)
Any suggestions of where I might be able to get assistance/tips/hints with an ER bill (Not insured)in Central Florida.
I need 1k users with an Uber account to help me buy the engagement ring for the love of my life
Small advance until my new pay card arrives in 7 buisness days.
[Need Help] In a terrible situation and can't find a way out...
Need cash app/ circle pay etc.. to PayPal exchange
I’ve never tried anything like this before... Small advance until Wednesday (payday)
Just wanted to bring attention to something.
Hey Y'all, HOW ARE YOU?
Small advance on tax refund
[REQEST] Help a tired nana of 14 get her DREAM GIFT,,
does anyone have a credit card?
Any little bit helps
REQUEST (US/PA) -- Dinner to celebrate my wife's official "no evidence of disease" in her cancer battle?
Any little bit helps
[Thanks] For the food
Please, some help with groceries
A Father, A Son, and a Mission
Nominating someone for television - general advice?
[SURVEY] Study about Spirituality and happiness (Canadian, 18+)
Trying to see my sister, anything helps.
Will do anything to get assistance for replacing lost koney
Looking for some responses on my survey, gotta submit report in a a few hours -_-
Need a loan of £3250 for two years. Will do monthly repayments.
For my Mom
Requesting answers for a super quick survey on your employee/student ID badge holder :)
Needing some help with groceries KY
Take a picture of yourself holding a sign in front of a (relatively) recognizable landmark (or at least showing a distinct location) wishing my girlfriend a happy birthday and valentine's day!!
Homeless pregnant abused woman needing help!!!
Small Business needs a loan to start largest/most profitable contract we've ever had!
Internet services
Help needed
Need help getting an apprenticeship/job in the electrical field.
College Student looking for a drawing tablet
Can't pay my rent. Not enough karma to post to /r/borrow. Any other options?
I am having a very important petition.
Requesting answers for my user experience survey about iPhones
Resume tinkering?
We Desperately Need Some Help
[REQUEST] Food for a hungry college student
[URGENT] My dog ate Half a Tub of Grapes!
Help needed
[REQUEST] 17 & need money to buy a new pair of jeans and a blouse for interview
What's the best way to help anonymously ?
Frankie Moreno supports K94Heroes organization and their mission to fund service dogs for disabled veterans.
Extremely in need of help
Advice from those who have had h pylori what to eat?
I need your advices for marketing new product
An old laptop that you don’t need anymore
[REQUEST] US postage stamps & stationary
[Medical Request] A family member was recently diagnosed with Leukemia.
Single dad of 2 kids, need some help.
Hello r/assistance! Needing some advice!
Can we help this hero’s family with funeral costs?
Help me give a part of the world to someone special.
Help me with my girlfriend on her birthday.
My dog Tiara needs your help!
Help my Grandma fight Cancer. Her tumor has grown and expenses are causing pressure.
[request] life is kicking my ass can i get some help.
Need some help and guidance:(
College student in need of gas money to get home
So life has started to spiral out of control.. and I’m running out of options!
I am shaving my head and trying to raise $500 for Childhood Cancer Research with St. Baldrick's. I would greatly appreciate your help!
Hoodies for Homeless Organization
Student in need of winter boots
[Thank You]
Medical Marijuana for seizure patient
T-shirt fundraiser to raise money for my puppy's hip replacement surgery.
My dog needs to get surgery
$400 dollar loan until February 21st will payback plus 20 percent interest
[Academic] 9 Question Survey
In Danger of Homelessness
My Mom Needs Money To Move Out And Take Me To School
Gg
Gofundme to help me keep my phone on for my job.
[Request] Looking for a home for an older cat.
(Request) Go fund me to help me pay my phone bill.
Liver Transplant needed for Chad
[Academic] Ten Question Survey
Commit your task to us and we will do our best for you receive a 100%.
My dads building burnt down looking for help to rebuild-Request
College student who can't afford housing
Education - Help us fund our Senior Design Project
Pumpkin needs help with chemo
Can’t afford medical treatment to stop bleeding
Please support my gofundme
Student Needs $1,000 to Finish Last Semester of College
Helping My Mom Who's Been Forced to Pay Off My Dad's Gambling Debt
Helping My Mom Who's Been Forced to Pay Off my Dad's Gbling Debts
Please vote for my friend!
In need of 45 until I get an advance ( Friday ), will payback 60...
Requesting $1450 will payback $2000 on 2-16-18
Rent/housing please read
[Academic] Smartphone usage behavior and character traits / player types
[Academic] Study on smartphone usage behavior and character traits
Pregnancy/Maternity Pillow
Need to find homes for two cats before July (Tulsa, OK)
Odd request
Requesting for my father
[Request] Hand up
Need help getting dog food. Can pay back on 1st of month. Indiana
($1000) will pay back by the end of the month with interest. (Venmo) (bank)Columbia, SC
Where can I post a survey other than SampleSize?
Need help, advice, or an extra job to pay rent
House Burned Down.
Need gas money for work commute
Need a loan will pay back with interest
Requesting - A desperate loan for a family man who wants to finally move forward with his life
help out Research students to present their year and a half long research at the ACS National Meeting, New Orleans
Long term money/work/life problems. Just need help.
50th anniversary cards for my step grandparents
Need clothes badly
[REQUEST] Fund to hire legal defense.
Advice on where to donate old glasses?
Need help to get back on our feet
Mystery Machine for Prom!
Help Me Get Through The Week
More Free Food! (Free meal boxes: Blue Apron, Plated, Marley Spoon)
[Offer] Free Infant Formula, Clothing, and Diapers -Orange County, CA
Veteran (retired Air Force) trying not to lose home
Paycheck wasn’t enough to cover my rent.
Moving to an apartment today on my own, need cat food and sheets
Money for a ride to work.
Requesting $450 can return $500 on 15 Feb 2018
Gasoline
Advice needed for bad job situation, trying to get to interviews and cannot afford it. [CT]
Male's attitudes towards sexual coercion
I really need help so I can help my girlfriend...
Graphic designer Cheap and urgent
£250 until 28th Feb - Will repay £300
Help me save my relationship !
Help me achieve my dream
Hello all, got a cancer so i decided to beg a little :)
Wishes - Help me get an iPhone X
Need a name/title for a school hoodie.
Help me put my best friend down so he won't suffer
loan for my daughter's birthday
I need all the help I can get.
Hi, I want the help however I can.
Please anything will help. URGENT
Destitute Artist
Anyone want to help me write my online dating profiel?
I Need Help
Would anyone help me ?
Am in need of a £300 loan to pay back £350 on feb 28
Help With Funeral Costs For My Uncle
HELP WITH ELECTRIC BILL
My friend Lisa was denied disability insurance.
Mother was in a car accident
$200 loan until February 16th, Repay with 20%
I'm trying to save my relationship with my girlfriend, I need money to visit her in Canada.
1 month unemployed, just found a job! Pre employment attire/bill assistance requested.
I'm not sure how to move forward from here.
Help with getting some groceries
I want to turn my life around and I'm looking to speak with a successful entrepreneur or blogger.
Need some help getting groceries and an outfit for an interview
Please help me share this post to help my 10 year old nephew, he is fighting brain cancer. All donations will go toward his medical expenses. Thank you for your help.
Suicidal thoughts
[REQUEST] 18519 Need a little help to get through 2 weeks
My brother died in November, and I'm trying to give my mother an experience of a lifetime for her birthday in February. I emptied my savings and purchased us tickets and a hotel in NYC; now I'm hoping through the kindness of others I can make this a trip she won't ever forget.
Pregnant single mom needs help with meds, other
Seeking 200 dollar loan to be paid back with interest by 2/23
Toto and his mystery diagnosis
[Request] Small loan until eBay payments clear in PayPal?
I would like to give away a $25 Applebee’s gift card.
Help for struggling family
Need feedback on a charity
Help Wallace fight Brain Cancer
In need of $80 or more for food; Living with 8 year old sister and grandmother
A little help in exchange for a handmade gift!
[Request] I am desperate, please help me not lose my job
Help my son and I win these chicken eggs
[deleted by user]
Can you help me and my disabled husband?
Protect myself from eviction, but still need to move soon?
[Academic] I need y'all to answer these two questions (survey).
Need $100 to go grocery shopping. Will pay back by the 15th.
3 months post-Brain Injury-Can't make rent. Anything helps!
Needing an extra hand..
Need some help about reddit
Need to visit sick girlfriend
Kindness needed!
I may never be able to see my girlfriend again because of her family and financial situation. please give a read and help me any way you can, even if its just a comment
[Request] Puchi really needs your help!
[Request] Disabled combat veteran in need of a little help with rent/utilities.
Help me win my college photography competition 😅
Legal advive or help for my little bro.
Help me win my college photography competition 😅 , leave a like of you the photos are deserving . Thank u 😀
[request] seeking $62 loan to be paid back 2/10 with interest
Need help with medical deductible
Family with Young Children in Need
[request] could someone help me with my uni expenses?
Are there any Swiss redditors willing to help make my best friend birthday special?
Medical School funding
[request] could someone help me with my uni rent
Asking for Rent/Pet Assistance; Just lost job due to illness.
Please help me and you. I’m trying to go to college but I’m afraid of debt. I’ve decided to start investing but I don’t want your money. I need you to use your money for yourself because it can help me.
[request] would anyone be willing to help with rent?
Help a puppy beat his 6 month prognosis!
Save Me = Dept - Bills - Finance Save Me = Dept - Bills - Finance Save Me = Dept - Bills - Finance Save Me = Dept - Bills - Finance
My dog has cancer please help!
Need A Phone! Desperate!
Teens and college students in need of supplies
Please help spread the word to your friends and family to help raise donations for a great cause! Please check out my gofundme page campaign. Any and all help will be greatly appreciated. Thank you and God Bless!
I want to go to school in Hawaii because the winters where I live are too painful
I just lost my aunt to cancer -- Third family member I lost to cancer in two years! Please help us reach our goal in contributing to the Samuel Oschin Cancer Center in her honor.
I need a small loan of 10 bucks
Does anyone have a nebulizer machine theyre able to part with?
American Airline miles so my sister can be here to help me with my twins.
I need advice on a serious family matter.
[REQUEST] Needed help to pay for tuition fee
Car was broken into and stuff was stolen
Can You Share Your Spare Kidney? Asking For a Friend (Searching For a Kidney)
[Request] Unusual request for loan...
I need only 2 more subscribers for 1k, please subscribe
Toto's (Emergency) Exploratory Surgery
Help a lovely lady raise money for a headstone
Reclaiming My Smile
Love Your Mother
[request] a safe car seat for long trip
I just need a little assistance getting some funds to put towards a new keyboard (musical instrument).
Trying to help a mate [Request]
Seeking $100-$160 loan for legal council for child support battle and custody mediation.
[Academic] Need responses to a survey for a important college project about a business idea
19 year old college student needs help!
Help for a dear friend of mine's dog Abbey. She has a blocked intestine and surgery is pricey
[REQUEST] Does anybody have any school supplies they're no longer using?
Requesting help ASAP
Need advice, owe lots of money and have no knowledge of loans
REQUEST - can you please help us with a future home
Family of 5 need help with rent
[REQUEST] Need some help activating a phone.
[request] I just need a little assistance getting some funds to put towards a new keyboard (musical instrument).
Scammed and identity fraud
PS4 died
I Could Use Some Marketing Advice
I have never done anything like this before, but I am so exhausted
Need a full-time job in Austin, TX
Recently fired, electric bill doubled and rent is due.
Help me make my best friend's birthday special?
Spreading the good word of god.
Help me make my best friend's birthday special?
A mom trying to better her self
+[REQUEST]+ Help Luna Get Back on Her Feet - GoFundMe.com
Needing Small Loan. Payback on or Before 3/28.
[Portland, Oregon] basic survival needs and legal fee
Anyone Between Chicago & San Diego Need A Little Help?
Plz help
Bad credit, trying to repair as fast as possible. Difficulty finding apartment. Help?
My wife is battling stage 4 cancer (Youcaring)
My girl (who is in another city) is going through a rough patch in her life - I need Reddit's help to make her feel better!
New mother in need of some assistance while waiting to return to work
[Request] Tuition due in 2 days, $30 short. Can repay $35 in 9 days.
Needing a loan
[Request] Apologies and Debt help
Kinda fucked right now.
Extremely hard to ask for this help, but would be graciously appreciated beyond belief
[deleted by user]
is there someone really good at resumes who can help me sell myself in creative ways?
We could get our electric turned back on! 60 dollars shy!
[request] Can you enable my Alexa skill (on your phone's amazon app) (you can delete it right after)
Hello - some of you may have seen my other messages detailing my financial woes... I’m making progress sorting out a long term plan. Thanks for all the advice, this has been a tough time.
Need help paying my surgery bill for my broken hand
Hi y'all! I started a GoFundMe to help me save up for my own Bengal(s). Anybody who likes to support; I would really appreciate it!
(Offer) Free Gift Card to Earl of Sandwich ($2.69)
$50 for rent?
[REQ] ($3500) - (#Newport Beach, CA, USA), (02/28/2018), (Zelle/Paypal/Bank Transfer) (XPost /r/assistance)
[SURVEY] Study about Spirituality and happiness (Canadian, 18+)
[SURVEY] Looking for good souls to partake in this academic survey I'm doing about e-pharmacies.
[Request] lost in the sauce
Car broke down and stranded in a strange town. Looking for 80$. Can pay back on 2/7
I need to borrow 2000$. Can't post in /borrow because I don't have enough karma...
HELP with my ASUS ROG GL553VD. PLSSSS
Looking to Borrow $40 (will be paid back 2/9)
Help my sick kitten
I have a college payment due tomorrow but am $28 short, requesting a short loan that I can payback by next week
Need responses to a survey for a important college project about a business idea
VR Could Allow My Agoraphobic Girlfriend to Go Out Again
A friend is looking to get a new job and help support herself and her child
Help save my friends cat
[REQ] 300$ (PayPal)(Squarecash) will back back Thursday or may have something
[Medical Request] Please help my uncle get medical treatment for an extremely serious injury.
Help with direct sales survey
Help my younger brother get a seizure response dog
REQUEST [for my aunt] - single mother with ovarian cancer needs help with medical bills (GoFundMe)
exactly 200 dollars short on rent. no financial support from parents
About to be evicted, with 3 year old twins. Just found out dept of education taking my tax refund.
My brother passed away and any donation would be greatly appreciated.
Desparation Almost At It's Finest
Please help I'm a broke college student just trying to scrape by
Textbooks and tuition dried up my bank account. I need help with rent
Laid off and $200 short on rent
3 year old dog with a very challenging case. Want to give him the best life.
[Request] Please help my dog get a double CCL surgery he desperately needs
[REQUEST] Just need 20 bucks for my bus tomorrow so i can start my new job contract.
Family vehicle broke down. Need money to fix it.
Freya is a stray kitten that chose to live with me in the last month. I have finally gained her trust and fallen in love with her. She needs veterinary attention and I need help to provide her with that.
Help! I have been putting my social security number in wrong my entire life!
Got paid today, paid bills, am now broke, have more bills to pay but no more money for 7 days.
Help with grocerys or anything else please
Need help with Survey
My gofundme camapaign
Need email with existing YouTube account
Does anyone have any of the disconnected Bath & Body Works perfume called Sheer Freesia? It’s not even in their discontinued sale they have going on.
Need $360 for Books before I'm dropped from all of my classes in 9 days. I'm willing to sell some stuff. School is pretty much my last chance to get my life straight.
[REQUEST] Assistance needed with utilities please.
Still need a little bit
Parents are making a massive sacrifice on my accord. Leaving their pastoral position to get my ex-convict butt to a safe and supportive spot.
[Request] need $25 for child's field trip
[Request] To leave an abusive home situation
Well I've hit a bad spout
Almost out of groceries.
[REQUEST] I Need To Borrow $5000 To Leave An Abusive Household And To Become An Internet Marketer
Anyone have old cloths?
I want to go to the psychologist
[Seattle, WA] I just tried to kill myself and I need someone to talk to that is not a therapist cause I have -$0
Broke up w abusive ex, he knocked out my crown and never would let me get it fixed. I'm desperate because I'm so insecure about this and it's actually ruining my life. I'm too scared to even socialize. Just want a dental flipper.
My accounts has been wiped clean
Girlfriend of 3 years robbed me
[repost] [request]
[REQUEST] Money or air miles to purchase Delta, Frontier, Or Alaska Airlines Flight
Help! My father's life is at risk Venezuela
Law student raising funds to volunteer for Alaska Legal Services over spring break.
Liver Transplant
Please fill out my university survey! NHS walk-in centres
Please Help Me Keep My Cat
Software/app for scheduling and planning restaurant service.
Kidney needed
Give hope to a growing family
[REQ] ($700) - (Can and WILL pay back)
[REQ] (1500$) (Newington, NH 03801 USA) (loan to be paid back by 2/12/18) (Squarecash)(PayPal)
Central PA - I'm at a dead end. I've got plenty of education and experience, I can't find a job.
Lost Car, need it to get to Work
Mimi needs Friends
[REQUEST] Help getting access to a certain article from an academic journal.
[REQUEST] Need donation/loan to keep electric on. $174.64 (Pensacola, FL)
[request]
Buddy pass or standby tickets
[Request]Need help for paying part of college tuition fee as a loan(close to getting de-registered)!!
[Medical] Please help me afford a much needed wheelchair!
Friend paralyzed in freak accident. Raising funds for his recovery and therapy. Seattle, WA.
$40 to pack lunch for work this week
[REQUEST] [#Indiana] $50 walmart e gift card or facebook pay.
[Request] Help Save Violet the Ginger Cat
[Thanks] /r/Assistance for all the support!
[REQUEST] Donate to help children who lost hair to cancer
[OFFER] I will coach you through growing microgreens to cut grocery bills
Helping young female out
Unpaid Maternity Leave
Charity Ride Fundraiser
My Cousin is fighting for her life and she lost her husband
[Request] PayPal loan
[Request] Help us stay in Australia
Someone in need of help username: SweetiePie679
Donation/loan, $120 short on rent.
[REQUEST] Help with Money for Rent/Food
Song called The Double-Jointed Pumpkin Eater?
[Request] Looking for a loan (I don't qualify for loan subs on here) I can pay back mid next week
How you can change your life with Amazon FBA (Guide + 15 Tips)
Got mugged a few days ago.
My kitten had to have two emergency surgeries, leaving me (a 20 yo college student) with vet bills over $9,000. Please help!
Newly Disabled & Need Immediate Assistance
My dad had a heart attack that we can’t afford.
[REQUEST] I need help getting my ID to start a new job.
A quick, 10 question study on women in higher job positions for my Psych class.
[REQ] (1,500$) (Portsmouth,NH 03801) (to be paid back in 7 Days income tax) ($quareCash) (PayPal)
Hastings East Sussex Purse Stolen
Starting new job, no energy, need iron supplements.
I need a service dog so badly to get more independence and freedom.
In Need of Assistance
Can someone make me an alien for my subreddit?
Advice for diabetic shoes and socks?
$100 for my car insurance.
[Request] $20 to get my Alcohol Permit for work
I'll help you if you help me
Thank you thank you thank you!
Family in PR in need of Food
Homeless family in desperate need of help.
Help With Groceries
Don Needs an O+ Kidney Donor
Kicked out at 18, Haven't eaten properly since New Years, any help
[REQUEST] Please help Kalie, a sweet, beautiful former foster kitty in need!
Please help a poor film student
Emily's Study Abroad Adventure: Help me study abroad in South Korea
I Need Help Funding My Highschool Japan Trip
Way to find someones location
Survey for my study
I Need Funds For Highschool Japan Trip
[Request] Assistance with traveling via Megabus for job interviews
Need any assistance. Out of work, chronic stomach pain, no insurance, bills stacking up..
Special Olympics fundraising
[request] maternity clothing or loose fitting plus size clothes.
[Request] Help share the gofundme page of a 5 year old girl fighting cancer
https://www.gofundme.com/get-me-a-kitchen-pleeeease
Help with an idea validation
[REQUEST] Food
[REQUEST]
Support my wife's classroom please
Need help to afford a new computer for my family who needs it for education and to help them accomplish their dreams.
Cluster headache
I need help funding my NYLF summer program. Any amount will do.
Single Mom to Five Needs Emergency Utility Assistance
I need 3 traps to catch the stray cats in my community for Trap/Neuter/Release [X-Post from r/randomkindness]
https://www.reddit.com/user/sup41994/comments/7t0xgw/need_money_for_food_and_bills_paypalmebvaripapa/
Need help for a friend's medication
Help a family make a fresh start
Need Money For Food And Bills paypal.me/BVaripapa
Anything helps
Please help. Needing help with car repair expenses. scared of losing job. :(
[REQUEST] Desperately need help with money for car repair. tax returns not coming in time. scared of losing job.
Help affording transition costs
Life advice?
Help going to France
In a desperate spot, anything helps.
Hi in 1k of debt on a credit card how to proceed
$40-$50 for groceries for my family this week
Last hope- my car was repossessed and I need it for employment. $2,200 to recover it.
Can someone give me $1
Paid Market Research Study for Budget Travelers - Nationwide!
Single mother of six needs help
Help me get in to a vehicle. Cant seem to catch a break. Im appoved at most dealerships just required to have a dp.
I had an itch
Need book campaign to reach families and children.
Need little help to pay electrical bills and buy some food
Need help affording pet food - $30 CAD
[Req] Need a loan, will repay with interest.
Dog had puppies, no money for dog food.
Broke jazz student needs a car
I'm gonna be a father at 19
Laptop
Horribly Abusive Situation
I need someone to confess a lot to
Tonka the pittie was hit by a car
I don't know if I need money, guidance, advice, or what. I just need help.
[REQUEST] Urgent help, collecting money for my fiancé!
Disabled mom and I on hard times..
[Referral] Please download this app to help me pay rent
16 from Philippines, about to move up but school is holding until I pay remaining balance
[Academic] Survey analyzing coorelation between background and political views (U.S. Centric)
[ADVICE] I'm so lost in life
Please help our boys!
(Request)for advice/ In need of a recommendation to pass a substance test.
Youbkittk
Friend was recently diagnosed with lymphoma and needs help paying for treatments!
Can’t pay for my GED
My electricity got cut off today.
It feels like the sky is falling. Desperately need help with power bill, just the newest hurdle in a line of huge tragedies.
Need some help before starting a new job
Help with my grieving, broken grandma..
An experiment to show the vase reach of reddit, how many users can I get to Venmo a quarter, $.25, to @dwbid ?
Request for Guidance and Information Where Low-Income Individual Can Seek Assistance with Veterinary Bill in Ontario, Canada
An old friend of mine has rare Neuro Bechets Disease and needs $20k for experimental stem cell treatment.
[Offer] Free food - Blue Apron, Homechef, Green Chef, Plated and Marley Spoon
Help with bills, or food, or other options
Need help with bill money and baby items
Please help us save the lovely dogs living on our campus
Single man looking for very temporary rent/food relief
[Request] elderly hurricane Maria victim needs desperate help
Helping My mum to get her out of debt/ a gift to show my appreciation
Request help for my family. Need $400 to pay house rent.
$500 for topamax! We have insurance
Popular Comedy YouTuber has been screwed over by YouTube channel strike. please help him.
Please help this individial.
I can provide you heavily discounted Lyft rides. Trading Lyft credit for 50-60% of its value.
New here. Unsure on what to do.
SPED Classroom in Need!
Looking for help with saving our stuff
Replacing a student's STOLEN bike!
Need help paying a bill so I don’t lose my internet I need for school
Need help for survey for a college senior design research project!
Need £20 or lose my flat
Please Help My Friend Fade!!!!
Need £20 for a quick bill that has to be paid
Alert. Man, GF and four month old kitty are scared for food. Anyone that may have gift cards please consider a donation so we can have a home
Coworker is childless and in debt after tragic miscarriage.
Raising funds for TNR for 14 strays in my community. (It was suggested in r/cats that I start a GoFundMe and post here)
[THANK YOU] to the whole sub xoxoxo
In need of a helping hand.
Work-from-home job opportunities for a SAHM and Navy Wife preparing to transition into civilian world.
[REQUEST]. Myself, GF, and little kitten are still sleeping in car. Still reaching out for any help that can get us through please :/
*** EVICTION ALERT! HELP PLEASE! ***
Ricky Needs Medical Treatments (Help)
[REQ][urgent] in desperate need of help with car repair bill.
Need Some Gas Money To Surprise Visit My Sailor
Tuition Fundraiser
Please help! (UK) £50 for one month?
Seeking financial help
i need 2.80 usd paypal so i can make a purchase ill be honest its not so important but i really want it
In need of $80 for gas bills - would lose heating, how water and cooking, maybe even my job
Help my disabled, 7 tour Special Operation Veteran brother keep his disability.
A coworker or mine just had his first child a few weeks ago, and his wife passed away soon after. Please support this gofundme
https://youtu.be/RDsETOKgFq8
[Request] My best friend's wife just divorced him after 8 years while he's battling Crohns disease and supporting a 7yo with autism (Richland, WA)
[REQ] I hate to ask, but I'm stranded.
[REQUEST] Financial disaster, help me from making a bad situation worse!
My dog was hit by a car and I'm drowning in vet bills 😥 anything helps!
On the hunt for a rare bottle of vodka
Need help with college payment and advice.
In need of loan
[REQUEST] Money is tight and I am out of contacts 70$
Rent and Bills
In need of $1.00 (loan)
(serious) Don't know how to get out of home
In need of serious help
Please help by sharing or donating to my gofundme campaigns.
I hate to ask but I need help!
[REQ] Need to loan $400 by Thursday (Jan 25). Will pay back $500.
[Request] Vote in a simple contest to help my baby and my family!
Need a way to make a quick 30-40 bucks so I can make it to work.
Homeless game developer needing assistance
Fiance and I drowning in bills, can't pay rent.
I have 970 subs.It would mean the world to me if i reached 1k youtube subs!
[ADVICE] I'm not well-versed with tech stuff and I don't know which of these laptops I should get. Please help.
Help me out by signing up for Acorn through my ref link?
Could really use a hotel room immediately to get away from abusive mother.
Help
Desperately need two root canals, any help greatly appreciated
I’m in need to get in contact with anyone / knows someone who has been affected psychologically by cartoons, it’s for a school project and I’m really struggling to find someone who has
Desperately in need of work boots and pants.
Just started to work and my first paycheck will be on February 15th
Hi, I’m missing $5.50 from Amazon in order to purchase a gift, could anyone help me out?
Long shot but any Barber in St. Louis who can help?
homeless and moneyless after removing myself from a toxic family situation
I Need $350 for rent i have no other options. (Findlay, Ohio)
[REQ] 150 I can pay back 155 on feb1 via PayPal
Hello All. Your kind assistance is needed . I am being ejected by my family and have no money on me.
[offer] books and nail polish
Mom about to become homeless - looking for options
Donations for my classroom via donorschoose.org
[REQ] Help Needed
I guess my account is too new to ask for a random act of pizza.
[Advice] Can someone review my GoFundMe campaign?
A thank you to this community
[Votes] Help share this video
[Offer] Free Plated Meals (Available to 5 people)
Survey Responses Needed for Data Culminating (Canada and United States Only)
I've not got enough karma for /borrow so I thought I'd ask here
[REQUEST] Mom of 2, Have hit hard times and need a little help.
My Fiance is Going Blind Because We Can't Afford Surgery to Save His Eyes
[REQ] anyone willing to lend me $1000? Will pay back in 3 weeks
[REQUEST] Could some one loan me $80 to fix my bike and i'll pay you back friday?
[REQUEST] Need a few bucks to get by until like mon-tue
Our cat needs to have surgery to remove tumors on his neck.
[Offer] Free Blue Apron/Plated boxes (groceries for 3 two-person meals)
[Request]Stupid request about reddit gold.
I can’t pay an important test to start my internship
Rural Family in need.
[Request] Tried r/borrow but thought I’d try here too. $6 to my name until Friday can anyone spare a couple bucks?
[Request] Please help me raise money to prevent and treat meningitis
Medical Expense Assistance
Help! I need subreddits to put my survey in so people will answer!
Help me save Cinderella
[REQUEST] Man stranded in London after motorcycle stolen - he rode from Korea 12,500 miles
Trying to get a puppy home! Please help!
I need some help translating a short phrase into Latin
[Request] I'm trying to help an abused friend
Can someone help me set up a mail.com account?
Assistance or ideas for re-homing cats
Need help getting to work
Please can someone talk to me
Odd request-need altoid mint tins (empty)
Nearing eviction from apartment!!
Anyone have an old/spare laptop or computer (or computer parts)
Please help with our vet bills after our dogs were attacked by a boar
Here's my story, a little sad, all true...
[request] removed from random acts of pizza starving grad student no local fam bought plane tix for next month proof of debt
[REQUEST] hi friends, it has been a really tough year..
[RESQUEST] hi friends, it’s been a tough year
[Request] Running low on food, and no money to get groceries... Please help. (Edmonton, Alberta, Canada)
College student in need of food to sustain for the rest of the semester (13346)
[Thanks] I’m legit bawling my eyes out
[Request] Thanksgiving meal for family of 8 77642
Question
[Request] Dirt poor and Struggling continued
Thanksgiving dinner offer [US]
[REQUEST] Home alone at college for 2 weeks alone and have been surviving on Pizza Hut I ordered two days ago with my emergency money. 99163
I need help please
[REQUEST] Thanksgiving Dinner. Fallen on hard times this year.
[Request] Family with 5 kids fallen on hard times.
(REQUEST) to be able to cook Thanksgiving dinner for my kids .fallen on hard time
Thank you everyone who sent me food and toilet paper!
Thanksgivings dinner. Would love to be able to cook for my kids. Fall on hard times.
Winter Comfort Dishes
Help with Thanksgiving dinner to cook for my kids. I was laid off.
[REQUEST] Money Is Tight And We Would Be Grateful For Your Help. 98166
(REQUEST) Money Is Tight. We Would Be Grateful For Your Help. 98166
[Request] Single young mom of two starting over after domestic violence and in need of diapers and food
In Need of a Little Help Til My Check comes
Anonymous goodies
[request] college student going through it rn
[request] dirt poor and struggling continued
[Request]97206 Need Groceries and Deodorant
[request] student struggling financially
Thanksgivings dinner help
We've hit a rough patch
[REQUEST] Family of 3 looking for some help.
[REQUEST]-88310 Need help with toilet paper and food.
[REQUEST] College student low on basics, not enough money to buy them.
College kid needs help with basics (toiletries, some food, cat litter) Zip: 46835
[Request] Need help getting some winter clothes for oldest daughter
Multiple Sclerosis Family in Need of...
[request] Down to 35cents
[REQUEST]
Question: Can I safely use/store punctured bags of dry beans and rice?
[Request] Me and my family could do with some help.
[Request] Me and my family could do with some help.
[REQUEST] Groceries until next paycheck
[REQUEST] BABY HELP PLEASE
BABY HELP 44839
[META] What are the best foods to donate to a food drive or food pantry?
[Request] Non Perishable Items Needed Please
Just trying to eat on campus
[deleted by user]
[REQUEST] Food and Diaper Request
[REQUEST] I'm need some food, please help. [London, UK]
[Request] Need help until first paycheck
[Request] Some food and basic necessities to get us through the next few weeks. 14450.
Need help getting through the next two weeks
Groceries until Nov 16th
Groceries until Nov 16th
Need just a little help
[REQUEST] 99163 I am out of lunch meat, bread and cheese and I am on my last box and a half of cereal :(
[request] Need help to meet the next two weeks.
Request
[REQUEST] Disabled and out of food stamps until Nov 10.
[request
[REQUEST] Struggling family trying to get by.
Struggling family seeking help. (Repost I forgot the tag the first time)
Food Pantry and Family
Long post - struggling family.
Indian Restaurant Oxford
[THANKS] to my anonymous helper
[request] dog food
[Request] Help with food for next two? weeks
Request: Need help with food for next two? weeks
Licorice Extract Market - Size, Share, and Forecast till 2025
[REQUEST] Requesting assistance with food and cat food for a few days
[Request] 84604, I just need a meal to get me through till Monday.
Homeless worker looking for a pizza.
Left domestic abuse sitch. Desperate 4 food
[Request] 41301, Need a little help
[Request] My family has come into a really rough spot, and assistance with food/household items would be so appreciated.
[request] didnt have enough for groceries this momth around, put a list together wondering if i can get a bit of help from you all im in tampa bay area 34689
Cans no cants!
[THANKS] md79 and sparklyrosegoldpants
Veteran and kids in need
[Thanks] thank you u/medicinegeek and u/tipsytop7
[request] 23704
Can you help me please?
Can you help me? Ive loat my job have no food and about to lose my home..
Agriculture & Food Chemistry Conferences
[Request] 40219 - Please read Post - it will explain better
[Request] Need some help before my next pay. ZIP 15009
[Request] Needing some personal and household items
[Request] 40219 I could really use some help
[REQUEST] Looking for some assistance to help with groceries over the next couple weeks.
[Request] I really need help
[Request] Lost job and struggling -34684
[Request] just some food stuffs to tide us over 28160
[REQUEST] 48647 Really could just use a little help for a couple of days.
[REQUEST] 98661
[REQUEST][60804] Started new job, won't get first paycheck for a few weeks
[Request] In need of a few items. Please help.
In need of a few items. Please help.
[REQUEST] 74136
[REQUEST][32216]I'm in Jacksonville, FL, really need help with food and some toiletries. :(
[32216] I'm in Jacksonville, FL, really need help with food and some toiletries. :(
Hard Time - Need Help
Best seafood restaurant at Sabah
[REQUEST] In need of a few groceries 77082
Baskin Robbins Franchise In India | Baskin Robbins
Buy Baskin Robbins Ice Cream At A Super Market Near You | Baskin Robbins
Indian Style Vegetable Soup - Winter Warmer Recipe - Vegan
[REQUEST] - Getting close to a job but I'm still broke and out on the streets! 85281
[Request] Austria 8700 Hungry student needs help
[Request] Taxes for the year have my bank account in the negative, but we're in need of basic household supplies. (62863)
[REQUEST] 28792
[REQUEST] Lost job, living in my car, asking for assistance to get to Friday when final paycheck arrives. 90014
[REQUEST][19968] Any help with food would be apprecaited
[Request] could you guys help me with a survey on food insecurity
[REQUEST] In need of some groceries to help my famliy and I get through the end of this month. 77082
[PSA] 5.00 gift card referral
$5.00 gift card referral
Could you help me with a survey on food insecurity
[REQUEST]
Important Factors To Consider While Selecting Your Vegetarian Caterer
[Request] I bare my soul again... 46385
Food Bank Locations
Congrats to r/Food_Pantry on 10,000 subscribers!
On Vacation with three generations of women and 6 kids, Hurricane Michael Blew Out our Kitchen Windows and We Have No Food! [REQUEST]
[REQUEST]
[THANKS] To u/Boostedbeb
Posting for someone else who cannot post here. Help for pregnant mother of 2. 30230
Posting for someone who's having trouble
[Request] Pregnant mom of 2 really need food for me and kids
10 Best Food Delivery Apps 2018
Discuss and Share your ideas at Food Chemistry Conferences
[REQUEST] Husband and I are Running Out of Food and Household Product
Husband and I Running Out of Food 60615
[thank you] for helping me out
[Request] car repairs have made our bank account pretty low 13207
[REQUEST] In need of food/household things. (Alberta, Canada)
[REQUEST] Want to cook some food for my two roommates in 39553.
[deleted by user]
[request] groceries 14217
[REQUEST] Student facing homelessness, in need of food and toiletries. 43402
How can ISO 22000 HACCP enhance Food safety?
[request] in need of some help 46221
Why are they selling pink Himalaya sea salt at the dollar store?
[REQUEST] Looking for help for a veggie/fruit budget
I could use a budget for veggies
[request] struggling to get the basics 28160
Boyfriend left us broke
Food for work after being out for two months from surgery
[Request] Help, Only a Few dollars
Recipe Time: How to make Delicious Shawarma at Home?
Where And How To Look For The Best Catering Services Provider?
[REQUEST] 11213 Struggling to hold on
Need Help With Food Till I Get Paid
Importance of Corporate Event Catering Sydney Companies and Services Offered
[REQUEST] Family of 5 In Need
[Request] Jobless and could really use a blessing right now
[Texas] question about food pantries
[Request] 92802, Simple food until SNAP refreshes
Running out of food!
[REQUEST] Seriously struggling for food and a few toiletries for a family of 4 in 93277.
76578 I really need Help
[Request] End of a rope
Seasoning Market Outlook, and Opportunity Analysis, 2018 – 2025
Seasoning Market Outlook, and Opportunity Analysis, 2018 – 2025
Baijiu Market Industry Growth, Trends, Size and Demand 2025
[request] dominos pizza please
Just need help
Nothing sugar coated here
[Request] Just some rice, pet food, maybe tp... would help so much. Family in 35630
Hungry. Help!:(
Please help us.
[REQUEST] 91762 Need assistance for my struggling family.
[Request] [85283] Lost job, just need a little help to get by.
[THANKS] U/FANNYROSEBOTTOM
[request] food or sandwich stuff needed in Austin Tx
[REQUEST] 48198 Started a new job and just moved, need a little help until first payday.
[Req] Need Help w Basics Waiting SSDI
[THANKS] Thank you from a family of 4!
[REQUEST] 70607 My fiance and I are about out of everything except bread, need some help while we get things sorted out.
[REQUEST] Food to hold me over until I get first paycheck
[REQUEST] 32164 Running out of everything; can barely shower/eat.
[REQUEST] 41301 Alone and Out of Everything.
[REQUEST] Started a new job, ran out of money and food
[REQUEST] - Out here on the streets with no food.
(Cairo, Egypt) food help
7 Non-vegetarian Foods that Increase our Cholesterol Level
[REQUEST] 19032 - Really hungry student :(
19032 - Really hungry college student :(
[Thanks] from a girl and her dad!
[REQUEST] 92037 I'm so ashamed/embarrassed, but I am in need of food to get through the next two weeks.
Woman Hilariously Recreates Celebrity Outfits Using Food, And The Result Is Better Than The Original
[Request](46385) Family of 4 in need
Small family in a bad spot...
[Request] Small family of 3 needs just a little help.
[Request][50322] Having a real tough time
Make paneer ki bhurjee really fast
[Request][21234][USA,MD] Very little money from check from friday.
[request][37343] At wits end
[REQUEST] Need help with food and Essentials, anything will help!
[request] (CA,USA) Significant reduction of income, really need help with toiletries
Help with food and Essentials
[REQUEST] 63125 Honestly a dollar would help
Honestly a dollar would help
[Thanks] Thank you u/addywoot!!
[REQUEST] (400000, Romania) Haven't eaten anything today and I'm hungry. Help.
[Request] My family has come into a really rough spot, and assistance with food/household items would be so appreciated.
My family has come into a really rough spot, and assistance with food/household items would be so appreciated.
[Thanks] Man, oh man you all are amazing
[Request] In need of some help.
Please Subscribe my channel for oil free cooking
[THANKS] I can sleep easier during my recovery knowing I won’t run out of food before my worker’s comp and food stamps process.
[Request] Baby Formula for 9 month old, lost all of my frozen BM
[Request] [80222] Need some help for myself and my disabled elderly father. (Food, Diapers, Cleaning supplies)
Reasons Behind the Popularity of Finger Food Catering
[Request] (k2b5w6, Canada) help with necessities! (TP, laundry soap, food)
[Request] [32792] Formula for my 6mo baby
Could use some help
[Request] [30458] I am a broke 30 year old with chickenpox. Help please.
[THANKS] I made it!
[Meta] Questions about making lists
XE PHÁ LẤU CỦA CẶP VỢ CHỒNG MIẾN TÂY NGON NHẤT SÀI GÒN | saigon travel G...
[REQUEST] [40127] don’t have any money after bills to afford groceries. would love some help with some food.
[request] Could use a hand with some food and basic needs
[Request][45694] After moving a month ago our food stamps have been messed up, hours were cut, and I need to have surgery. Could use some help
[REQUEST] [02135] I broke my leg at work and will be out of work for a month- need some help with expenses until my worker’s compensation kicks in, could be 2-3 weeks
[Request][61701] Out of SNAP and broke til the 3rd, would like a bit of food to get by.
Just trying to get over this three week hump
[request] 05201 - A small family in need of some help.
Needing Help!
[Request] Corporate Gifts
[REQUEST] [48127] Am in need of some food after paying bills and struggling to buy groceries.
HÉ LỘ SỰ THẬT ĐẠI GIA SÀI GÒN MUA HẾT MÂM CUA DÌ BA TRONG 3 PHÚT | saigo...
Business gifts NJ
Gourmet Brownies NJ
Gardenia’s Berries Strawberry
[Thanks][45205] Seriously. From the bottom of my heart. Thanks everyone.
[REQUEST][01420]
Currently homeless for the next couple of weeks with no car or food
[Request][43201] College Student. Would just like some food for two days. Should receive my financial aid + next paycheck on Friday.
[REQUEST]Wife left about a month ago, still struggling. Even a pizza would help
[Request][02723] I've never been good at asking for help.
Global Fat Replacers Market is projected to reach valuation in USD million by 2024
[Request][08081] In need of just the essentials as I transition between jobs.
[Request][37343] Just need to make it to foodstamp day.
[REQUEST][30331]Help For A Young Soon To Be Mom
[Request][45205] Just Got a New Job and I Need Some Help With Food for 2 Weeks Until My First Paycheck Please
[Request] 41301, Need a little food help
Mother of 4 in need
Mother of 4 in need
[Request][40202]Trying to get through the week
[92104]I paid for my college registration fees with my recent paycheck and now I’m in overdraft
Down on our luck
A Plate Full of Indian Food from 7 Different States
[THANKS] Your generosity is amazing!
[Request] [90003] Need food just for this week pls
In need of help
[Request] Family with kids needs assistance. For 3 weeks to a month.
[Request] Everyone here is amazing, Can we help one cat home in need (34223)
[REQUEST] In need of help while down on our luck
[REQUEST][42003] Paycheck mix-up means I can't get groceries for us for a few days, hoping for help
Need assistance (29301)
[Request] Young family down on our luck and need a helping hand(s) (Canada E1C 5Z3)
[Request] Cats in need of food
Need to feed three hungry cats
[REQ] [77351] I really just want a pizza for dinner
[Request] [98589] Unemployed, diabetic, and food assistance in hiatus. Having very hard time even maintaining one meal a day.
[98589]Unemployed, diabetic, and food assistance in hiatus. Having very hard time even maintaining one meal a day.
Thank you to everyone who helped me eat this past week
It is truly hard even for a working full-time employee
[REQUEST] Haven´t eaten today
Restaurant reviews in Cape Town
[THANKS] Trying not to cry over your kindness. THANK YOU.
{REQUEST} Please help need food fory kids
[THANKS] I truly appreciate everyone on here
(95677) Completely broke college student in need of food
[Request] [30350] A little grocery help to get by these next 2 weeks - 33 weeks pregnant
[Request][97304] Need food to get my family through the next 4 days.
[Request] 38201 just need a little help
Need help.
Karson Foods – #1 School Breakfast Programs in New Jersey 07712
[Request] Famished musician in search of sustinence
OUR BRANDS - FOODBIZ WHOLESALE DISTRIBUTORS
[Thanks][60139] Thank You!!!!
Al-Rehman Biryani Street Food of Karachi Pakistan | People Crazy For CHICKEN BIRYANI
Huge family in need of food [request]
[REQUEST] 92308 Family of 5, almost made it until the end of the month
Urgent Help Needed
[Request] 48066 Family has no food to eat until the beginning of the month
[Request][60139] Mom Returning to Work After Heart Attack, Need Help Till the Third
[60139] Mom Returning to Work After Heart Attack, Need Help Till the Third
[Request] [90022] I need help with food. Anything at all helps.
[Request] Disabled, need to help family
I need money to pay next month rent. $300CAD.
Catering Van Sydney
[REQUEST] 90028 Taking care of my sick mother and my student aid has been delayed
[THANKS] I can eat for ages on all this!
[REQUEST] 90028 Taking care of my sick mother and my student aid has been delayed
[REQUEST] 90028 Taking care of my sick mother and my student aid has been delayed
[Request] 44305 Family of 4 looking for a little help to get through this month.
[request] food for a few days to young profession hitting hard times
[Request] My ramen noodle supply has finally run dry
[REQUEST]26205 Lost job due to family emergency, need a hand up
[REQUEST] 71953 Broke and chronically ill, need a little temporary food/necessity help
Food
[Request] I'm a college student that's finally getting back on my feet, and just need to make it through the week.
[Request] I'm a college student that is finally getting back on my feet. I've been drug free for a month, and I have a job and place to live lined up. Just need to make it this week. 30117
[Request] I'm finally getting back on my feet and just need a little to get me the rest of the way.
[REQUEST] 22712 Just need something to hold me over for a couple weeks
Family of five, needs a little food til payday
[REQUEST] Broke student between jobs, next paycheck 2 weeks out. 89123
[Request] Fighting to get social security disability and need some help with food for the time being. 60646
[Request] Fighting to get disability need some help with food for the time being.
[REQUEST] Lost my job and struggling to keep food in my cupboards (St. Catharines, ON, L2S 1K4, Canada)
No food, just need a bit to hold me over till next month on first
Beef Jerky
[REQUEST] Wife left me, took all our food and have no money or food in my pantry till I get paid in one week. 95610
[Request] Big family in need of food! Anything will help. 37683
[Request][37683] Hate having to ask here again, but..food for our family?
[REQUEST] College girl in a pretty bad place, food would be nice
College girl in a bad place, food would really be nice
[Request] Kicked off food stamps again :-(
[REQUEST] [Question] Does my wishlist need to be made exclusively of Prime items
[Question] Do I need to have Prime items on my wishlist?
Low on food due to unexpected wage garnishment.
[request] need help after vet bills (4120 Australia)
[REQUEST] Almost out of food, please help. 90601
[Request] New job
Grandpas Recipies Volume 1 Today I'm going to start with a recipe for Seafood AU Gratin
[REQUEST] Hungry and broke, anything is appreciated
[REQUEST] In need of some help - UK
[Request] just moved states, living in a crappy motel, and can't start work for another week [87194]
[request] Spent most of my savings trying to treat my pet dog in her last days. Running out of money for food in a month. Singapore 683297
[request] Another driver totaled my car and broke both of my arms. I’m out of work and money for six weeks. Some pantry items would be much appreciated. 30307
I can trade blue apron meal for food.
[Request](32720) In a weird situation, and without food or necessities.
[Request)[32720] In a weird situation, and I don't have any food, or necessities.
[Request] Going on 4 days without food, with 6 days until payday. 92308
[Request] Moved to new city for a job but it didn’t work out :( now I’m broke and scared (Ontario, Canada)
[request] help a poor college kid bad at asking for help? 10003
[Request] Hey! I have no money,no food and no support.
[REQUEST] my autistic son Brandon and I need help!
[request] single mom in need of food for 8 year old and self 41018
Just lost job, waiting on unemployment very little in my kitchen until then with hungry pups
[Meta] Updates
College student, I pay my own rent and all other expenses. Seriously broke, could use some help.
College student really struggling. Rent is expensive and leaving me broke. Could use some help.
[Request] Been living off my credit card since May, just scored two interviews and asking for some basic stuff and maybe a hot meal to get me through to the first paycheck (95926)
[request] haven't eaten in 2 days can't get more food for a week (29577)
Seeking help.
[request] Unable to work due to back injury, ran out of options (30605)
[request] Unable to work due to back injury, ran out of options (30605)
Struggling and out of options
[REQUEST]Just need some peanut butter & crackers to tide me over till SNAP refills. 08873
[Request] Broke student, wish for something else than ramen
[Request] UK - Closing in on a job but cannot afford to eat or travel, would really appreciate some advice/guidance for next meal.
[Request] Closing in on a new job but really struggling to afford to eat.
[Request] Ready to cry
[REQUEST] Broke, unemployed, negative account balance.
Help a girl out?
[Amazon]Instant Pot Ultra 3 Qt 10-in-1 Multi- Use Programmable Pressure Cooker, Slow Cooker, Rice Cooker, Yogurt Maker, Cake Maker, Egg Cooker, Sauté, Steamer, Warmer, and Sterilizer $79.95(33%OFF)
[Request] 78504 In between job, low funds. Anything helps.
[request] 29577 feeding myself, my son and a stroke victim.
In a tight spot until Friday
My Upcoming store menu needs help!
[REQUEST] Out of money, 23 year old.. just started a job but its 2 and a half weeks before the first paycheck. Looking to get sandwich supplies for work - I work 12 hours shifts. ALSO got hit with traffic fines so ... my life is sad right now
[REQUEST] Food help, please?
Family is low on money, I'm not working and I need help while I apply for benefits (SA5 UK)
Hi, need help to feed kids until I can get to food Pantry tomorrow.
[REQUEST] 48201 Sexual assault put my job search on hold, I am now out of money for food.
[Request] 60404 Family of four looking for some help
[Request] broke college student. Out of money. Out of food. Had to pay $600 because of an emergency
Broke college student. Budget strictly but had to pay $600 because of an emergency. Out of money, out of food.
[Request] for food for a month or two (680284 Singapore)
[Request] In need of basic hygiene products (33021)
Things to Consider When Planning a Commercial Kitchen
[Thanks] to everyone that helped!
[21224] Down and out, could really use some help
[Request] Family of 6 needing a little help please (British Columbia, Canada)
[request] 40241 disabled and in need of assistance
[META] Monetary Donations
[REQUEST] Between jobs (4067 - Australia)
[Request] A gift card for my local grocery store
[Request] Haven't eaten in about a week (78382)
[REQUEST] Things looking up but still struggling.(98119)
[ Request ] I have £0.40 (about $0.80) to last me until July 1st
[Request] Could use a simple take-away: Here's why
In begging for help
Desperately need to get two RX's filled (45449)
Normally don't do this...
[Request] Money for food / shelter for the day
[REQUEST] In desperate need of some help.
any help would mean the world
Food Water EBT Grocery Supermarkets Subway Applebees
[REQUEST] Any help would be so appreciated
Any help would be so appreciated
[Request] I need of food and toilet paper [76201]
[REQUEST] Can I put fried rice in the fridge?
Can I put fried rice in the fridge?
[OFFER] Free week of Hello Fresh
Free week of hello fresh.
[Request] looking for some assistance with baby items, currently on leave and the government just clawed back $1000 unexpectedly (Ontario, Canada)
BEST PLACE TO EAT IN AFRICA
[Request] Screwed on Food Stamps and Disability, family needs help. (35630)
[Request][01420] really could use some basic items
[REQUEST] Bad on luck 19601
[REQUEST] Need some help till I can work again(95132)
Need some help till I can work again(95132)
[Request] My wife and myself are in dire need of your help 77701
[Request] (1405 Norway) Run out of money and run out of food
[REQUEST] I need some help. 89012
[REQUEST] help a broke college kid.
Broke, hungry college student.
No food for today.
[REQUEST] Brother, sister and I are out of food for the next week until food stamps come in. (93612)
Can anyone help me eat just for today? Please
[REQUEST] Can anyone please help me eat just for today? Please
Enhance Your Event with Finger Food Catering
[Request](32822) I could really use something to hold me over
[request] haven’t had a hot meal in 2 weeks, could use money for food or Giftcard
[Request][28630] Help me feed my mom and I during this very tough time.
[28630] [USA] Requesting assistance for my hungry mom and I.
[REQUEST] I've had to leave home without any money , please could someone help me out for today / tommorow with some
Could someone pay for my food tonight , I've had to leave home with no money
[request] could someone paypal me a few dollars so i can get some food for tonight
[Request] Been home for 3 weeks and no paycheck. Savings are gone and cannot get basic stuff. Please help 22193
[Request] I get paid tomorrow morning and can pay back. Looking for dinner tonight
[Thanks] I'm glad this is here
I get paid tomorrow morning and can pay back. Just looking for dinner
[Request] Wallet got stolen, wanting a pizza
[request] In a bind and I'm way behind and looking to make a deal. I'm not the devil but I could use a hand. 30066
Help cooks!!!
[Request] I need any food that you want to donate to me
[Request] (98119) Lost my job, ran through my savings and facing eviction. Sad and hungry.
Honey flakes cereal?
[Request](44203) just need some help for the next week after emergency
Broke with no water or food
[Request] Need food. Broke college student until next friday
[Request] (48125) Grocery Money Stolen
[REQUEST](49009) In need of food and a few personal items.
[Request] Our family needs a bit of help this month
Need help please!
97038 New job havent been paid yet
[Request] it'll cost like $2 or 3$.
[Request] 12180 Need some help for my family this month
[REQUEST] AUS, 3011. Student, recently moved to Melbourne, me and my cat need to eat until somebody hires me.
Colorado Assistance
[REQUEST] I'm in debt, and now I'm out of food..
REQUEST
[REQUEST] (77069) New job, new apartment, just need some basics
[Request] (30350) help with getting groceries. I’m currently pregnant and have a one year old. SNAP benefits take 30 days and I don’t get paid until the 15th. Just basic stuff needed. ATL, GA
[Request] 50325 I need some help with food? Or anything?
[Thanks] Thank you all so much
[Request] (Germany) I'm out of food. I need some help.
Gluten Free
[request](08830) can someone help with case of water please
[Request] (63701) I'm in a bind and I need some food to keep me going until payday.
[Thanks] Thank you everyone who sent items for my Mother
[REQUEST] Currently Jobless 18 and living alone, it's been 12 days since a proper meal.
Currently Jobless 18 and living alone, it's been 12 days since a proper meal.
Help finding a product
[Offer] Chicago IL only
[Request] (U.K) Food for my young daughter and I. (I don't know what i am doing)
Organic Pizzas
[Request] (80125) Easy to make food items for my Mother
[Request] Need some help
[Request] Need help after vet bills please
[Request] Need help after vet/bills
[request] Rice please
[Request] Rent being raised after sudden puppy birth!
[OFFER] I am so grateful for the help I’ve gotten here & would like to give back! We have 2 boxes of chocolate brownie Cliff Bars. Bf’s dad bought a million boxes of the same flavor, we had them for so long we can barely eat them anymore. They’re pretty filling! I’m hoping somebody will want them!
I was helped here, I’m so grateful & I want to give back! We have a couple boxes of chocolate brownie Cliff Bars. They’re pretty filling! Bf’s dad bought a million boxes of the same flavor, we can barely eat them anymore because we’ve had so many! I’m hoping somebody will want them!
I wanna give back! We have a couple boxes of chocolate brownie Cliff Bars. They’re pretty filling! We have had too many of them & are so sick of em so I hope somebody will want them!
[REQUEST](24502) Grandma died, money spent for convenience rather than sustainability
[Request - 24502] Grandmother died, money spent in the name of convenience instead of sustainability
[Request] Need a little help for the next week
Need a little help for the next week
[request]
[Request] Money went to bills/repairs/problems then card info was stolen, account drained. 36535
[Thanks] to everyone who responded...
[Thanks] Thank you so much for your kindness!
[Thanks] May you all be favored with the future of your choice! May you live to see a thousand reasons to rejoice!
[Request] College student between jobs, could use some food to make it through the next couple of weeks (72205)
UK -In need of help, feeling very ashamed about this
[Thanks] A big thank you to everyone!
When your trying to concentrate but your stomach hurts
[request] College student, finished all the food I had, please help me survive for 2 weeks.
[Request] Unemployed student, just moved back to Canada
[Thanks] Serious thanks to u/nervesurfer! They helped me so much.
[I ate] Delicious Pav-Baaji with Friends
[Request] Out of work with an injury since December with no pay. We have a plan, but zero food budget.
[Request] Need help, Rent raised because new born puppies
[Request] Job screwed me on pay, bank in the red. Please help, I have a kid and pets.
[Request] I have late stage Chronic Lyme Disease & can barely walk, I can’t work more than 10 hours a week & struggling to even afford food.
[request] something to eat for my mom and I
[THANKS] u/wisteriahaze For the toiletpaper!
[Request] Just need a bit of assistance until next payday.
Any food appreciated!
[REQUEST] Penniless business student until next paycheck with a question. 66762
[REQUEST] Need funds for food
Broke rn started biweekly job.
[THANKS] /u/nnyquick for the food and toiletries! My little family appreciates it greatly!
[REQUEST] Good Morning, Afternoon, or Evening to my future Patron! Hey, I was living in a hotel and I finally found a room, used all my funds in the process, its been since Sunday that I've had a meal!
[Thanks] THANK YOU SO MUCH u/Mamarazzi_canada I am so thankful and blessed by you , me and my sister appreciate everything very much !
[request][us,nj] I need help with food till start of summer.
[REQUEST] Husband not getting enough hours 77664
How does this work?
[request] feminine hygiene products
[REQUEST][US][NJ] College Student, broke paying the college fee, no money for grocery.
[REQUEST] need a small amount of food. (12520)
[REQUEST] Small family in need of food and basic toiletries ASAP
Organic Restaurant Mexico
Smart Packaging Market worth $39.7 Billion by 2020
Can anyone help me out I have no food
[Thanks!] We are very grateful for the delicious foods!
[REQUEST] Can someone help a starving girl out with food?
Can someone please help with food.
[Thanks] Thank you u/puritycontrol for everything
Organic food Mexico
Student waiting for loans (UK)
Life keeps getting worse for me, any help would be appreciated so much
[Thanks] Indianapolis IN 46227
[UPDATE on DIAPER NEED] Indianapolis IN 46227
[Request] Need some food and minor extras (85710)
[Request] Really just want advice
[PSA] If you dont have your address linked to your amazon wishlist, nobody can send you things! Here is a link on how to do it.
[Request] A little food for a week or so (89121)
[Request] Animal/Human Food. GA/USA
[Request] College student with little in the fridge (36265)
[Request] Some basic needs pantry items and reg toiletry stuff-
[request] Oregon, 97301 start working in a couple weeks, just need to survive
[Request] Running low on food and money, anything would help. 45601
yumi seafood
My name is Som 02871
[Request] Homeless -- Barely able to feed myself
[Request] Everything just has very bad timing 14559
[Request] never done this before but would love some help Australia 2044
[Request] Stupidely ran out of money for food
[REQUEST] Starting a new job Monday. Looking for a little assistance in 28211.
Kitstaya Sushi makes quality sushi at a great price point. Great convenient location on W. Broadway in the heart of Kitsilano, we look forward to seeing you soon! http://www.kitstayasushi.com/
Organic Restaurant Mexico
[Request] My mom and I need some help this month. 20886
You love sushi, but are you eating it the right way? Find out here: https://www.tripsavvy.com/how-to-eat-sushi-1458298
Studying abroad and I lost my wallet in the middle of holidays.
[Thanks] to my second amazing donor, /u/missnettiemoore!
[Request] In a bit of a bind for a couple days,
It’s surprisingly easy to make spicy tuna rolls! http://allrecipes.com/video/300/making-spicy-tuna-rolls/?internalSource=videocard&referringId=17498&referringContentType=recipe%20hub
[Thanks] to /u/boatdude who is truly a blessing. Thank you so much.
[REQUEST] Unexpected expenditure left me without food for 2 days
[Request] Food, I made a mistake. 1 time ask
[Request] Literally any food helps, 75074
[Request] Please help if you can 28709
I need help before this coming week in 28709
[Request] Anything helps, 31088
[Request] 31088, anything at all helps
[REQUEST] Basic food and hygiene assistance
[Request] Need help buying groceries just this once
Adding wasabi to your sushi?
Where can you go for authentic and affordable Japanese cuisine? Head over to 3105 West Broadway to find Kitstaya Sushi! http://www.kitstayasushi.com/
[Request] One-time request, thank you
[Offer] Code for free dulce de leche crunch pancakes from Denny's
Don’t ignore your Japanese food cravings! Come on over to Kitstaya Sushi to satisfy them! http://www.kitstayasushi.com/
[Request] Help with food, Venezuela, ZIP CODE: 2001
[REQUEST] 28262 help with groceries
Request (28262) Help with groceries
Organic Restaurant
[REQUEST] May I please have some help with food?
May I please have some help with food?
May I please have some help with food?
[Request] 75020 Need food
May I please have some help with food?
[Request] Hoping some is able to help me out with food
[Request] 80122, mom trying to get back on my feet
Is a hotdog, a sandwich ?
[Request] 80121 for a mom just getting back to life
A little down on my luck...
[Request] Running very low on groceries, and don't get paid for 2 weeks
[Thanks] To all the kind and speedy responders to our situation
Anyone willing to help a broke student and his mama?
Wow
[Request] One time assistance with groceries for visit from step daughter.
Do you know these interesting facts about sushi? https://www.tripsavvy.com/interesting-facts-about-sushi-1458387
Healthy Food Mexico
[REQUEST] Anything would be helpful.
[REQUEST] Struggling Couple in Denver
Formerly homeless couple and pets trying to get stable.
I’m wondering if anyone can help me find some quality farmers/farms to source quality vegetables for cooking.
single mom in need
[THANKS] Huge thanks to /u/momosploot
[request] hard times
Expiration
Expiration date - is it safe?
[THANKS] To all those who have helped us
[Thank you] Words can't appropriately express my thanks
Need food and wipes for my two kids
[REQUEST] Trying to help my sweet husband
[Request] 17931 Out of food for the next week.
[Request] [55123] Dad lost job, mom is physically handicapped, and I'm trying to provide for my 6 & 4 year old siblings, but I've got nothing left.
[REQUEST]
[Request] Feel bad for asking, but please help.
[request] this is one of the most humbling experiences of my life but I was just laid off and am having a hard time making ends meet does anyone have any recommendations for Richmond va? 23113
Need help getting through the next month or so. Dad lost job and Mom is physically handicapped. Have 6 & 4 year old siblings I'm trying to provide for while we figure things out.
[REQUEST] 28645 No food, me and my parents are hungry and stepdad doesn't get paid for a few days
[Request][55421] Very little left in bank account, need a little help to get through the next three weeks.
Global Textured Soy Protein Market Forecast to 2022
[REQUEST] 43215 Not seeing a paycheck until the end of the month
[Thanks] for the pizza
[REQUEST][V5Z][CANADA] Ministry error put me in a bind .. any help I would be grateful
[REQUEST][UK] Anything! Disabled welfare recipient found "fit for work". Money cut off without warning.
Can you make sushi at home? Yes, you can! Try this recipe: http://www.foodnetwork.com/recipes/sushi-rolls-recipe-2040225
[REQUEST] 85706 Just need to get through the next week !
[REQUEST][25301] Dire need: Food, tampons, toilet paper. Please help.
[request]needing some help after having a really hard time
[REQUEST][46391]
[REQUEST][59801] Hitting Some Hard Times This Month
https://www.foodpower.info/hot-and-cold-secrets-persian-kitchen
[request] super hungry, no food...
[Request] I fucked my life up badly and can't afford to eat this week
Does anyone know of this Yard House recipe?!!
Cant afford groceries this week
[Reques+] really REALLY need groceries
UNFROSTED POPTARTS
Join me
[REQUEST] Help with some food items for last school semester
[Offer] Help with cost of food + advice on shopping smart (UK only. Possibly other countries too - see end of post).
[REQUEST] Struggling to feed our son, much less ourselves.
Struggling to feed my family.
[Request] Disabled Mom and I trying to make it to pay day
[Offer] UK
[request] Would be so grateful for help, not even sure this works to Australia
[Request][UK] Partner and I are on our last bags of pasta.
[REQUEST][UK] Partner and I are struggling to get by.
Pizza
[THANKS] /u/anonymizeme and KrafDinner for getting 90% of my required clothing!
Possible cheap food ideas (x-post ask reddit) https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/7srvxb/what_was_a_meal_you_loved_as_a_kid_but_now_that/?utm_content=title&utm_medium=hot&utm_source=reddit&utm_name=AskReddit
Spices to donate
[Request] Stranded and about to go hungry
[THANKS] u/haby001 for the work shoes!
[REQUEST] I desperately need new clothing and personal items for job interviews and work. I literally don't have anything that looks good for the office environment and in the process of making huge postivie changes in my life.
[Request] Looking for some help
Medical Costs are Restricting Food Availability (75069)
[REQUEST] 3$ left in bank account
3 $ left in bank acc for the week
3$ left in bank account
[REQUEST]No food and no money until. Bad situation. Any help is extremely appreciated!
[Detroit 48066] Me and my family need food help and also household necessities.
Peace be with you all!
Desperately trying to find new recipe for dumplings
Need a little help
(USA, Gallatin, TN, 37066) Pizza, Gift Card, anything, I'm starving
[REQUEST] In need of basic food items
Really needing some help.
[request] could use some help please
coffee and spice grinders
[Request] Could really use some help with some food until I get back on my feet
[REQUEST] Could use some help surviving until I get paid.
Buying Only Healthy Food At The Grocery Store!
[REQUEST] (NEED FOOD AND GAS MONEY]
Haven’t eaten in a few days and a pizza would be so great if someone could help me out
[Request] Almost there. Asking for help to make it.
Vegan Food Mexico
[request] a sandwich or any food to be delivered... been a rough few months - I lost my job a few months ago and I’m flat broke
Organic Restaurant
Recent Trends And Benefits Of Restaurant Online Ordering App
[Request] Just need a little help
Organic Pizzas Mexico
[Request] no money no food. UK
[deleted by user]
[Thanks] for everything so far!
[REQUEST] Artist in Need of Groceries
[REQUEST] [95205] Disabled student needing food and household/women supplies.
[THANKS] Thank you so much!
[request]Hard times
please someone help me feed my little sister(please direct message me for my information UK)
Eating shows & Delicious Epic Food
[REQUEST] I am in-between jobs while in school
[Request][28630] for my mother; she has nothing and my family will not help her despite her trying her hardest - even with a disability. Help her, please?
[REQUEST] Food for my family.
[REQUEST] bay leaves black spots safe to use in food? (Possibly from leaving package in the sun)
bay leaves black spots safe to use in food? (Possibly from leaving package in the sun)
Organic food Mexico
Gluten Free Cakes
Handy lndia
[request] Need Help To Feed Our Family
[Request] Need help with food.
[Request] broke till the 29th. Alone for Christmas. Could really use some food. I live in canada
Gluten Free Mexico
[REQUEST] Injured and off work
STARVING. Looking for a pizza to help...
[request] looking for a pizza ecard to get me through the week
[REQUEST] Food and nessesities for my disabled father
I love to read
Paleo Diet Mexico
[REQUEST] Food for my sister and 6 kids
[Request] Ive spent all my money on rent and now we dont have much food.
[REQUEST] Basic food and essentials to last me until my food benefits come in the mail
[Offer] Downtown Chicago 13 dozen bagels + cream cheeses
Just moved to vegas. Spent my last on pupper food
[Request] Nothing left for next week M3J0L1 CANADA
[Request] Can not cook or shower and here's why.
[Request] Cookies Made By My Sister
[REQUEST] Dad Has Permanent Brain Damage, In Need of Groceries and Household Items (70808)
[REQUEST] Greetings! a little food assistance would be greatly appreciated :)
[request] in need of holiday assistance
[Thanks] I want to thank u/Ms_M90 and u/Ashelby
I want to thank u/Ms_M90 and u/Ashelby
[Request] Family of 6 in need of christmas assistance
[REQUEST] I am a broke college student studying for finals and dont have money for food. ZIP 92507
Pizza to hold me over for few days.
[REQUEST](REPOST) Broke, hungry & in need of help
[REPOST] Broke, hungry & in need of help pls
[REQUEST] Broke until Monday the 18th - Dreading this week. Family of 4. 2 adults, 2 kids. Zip - 80020
[REQUEST] Help Urgently Needed! I am almost out of food and have no money.
My dad
[request]
Please help my sister and i eat this Christmas [98040]
Cat had to go to Vet, Just need a 15$ card to walmart or Kroger
Two questions please!
[Request] 49945 Hungry Fam of 4
Quote
Dont want money Just want food
Help Needed!
[Request] Trying to feed my fiancee and dog.
Urgent help anyone please
What's a name brand hot sauce you love & what's a more obscure brand you love?
### অ্যালুমিনিয়াম ফয়েলের অসাধারণ ব্যতিক্রমী ব্যবহার ###
[Meta] Reports and you.
[REQUEST] A little last minute food assistance.
[Request] 30263 Request for Food & Necessities due to move for health.
[Request] Would be so grateful for help
[REQUEST] A little help in a rocky time
[Request] Anyone in Chicago? Or anyone that can help me?
Cranberry Dip
[Request] Looking for some help in 36863.
Looking for some help with basic needs.
[Request] Food help for the next week or two
[Request] No food for the upcoming days, would really appreciate any help
[Offer] A meal in a restaurant to anyone in the SF Bay Area (Palo Alto)
[Request][US, NY] 14620 Specific food items and some clothing/toys for CURE Childhood Cancer Association
[REQUEST] Father just left, trying to feed my family
[Request] In need of some food after losing my job
Pull ups/Wipes and Snacks for my son
[Request] Food for myself (Canada)
[OFFER] 01720 - Pasta
What is the absolute BEST driving food
Most Creative Catering Services in Auckland
[OFFER] FOR LOW HANGING FRUIT & EASY BOOKS (75241)
[Request]Life happened.
[request] anything to eat
Help!
[Request ]help for my mom 63116
[REQUEST] Desperately need help with diapers and Tampons
Desperately need diapers,tampons and a few other things.
[REQUEST] Surgery right before the holidays...
Having neck surgery in two weeks... Trying not to be anxious. Going to be a tough holiday season this year...
"It happens! One too many drinks and it’s not safe to drive home.
#Birthdays at the #Shinglemill
Broke Grad student
In Shelter until first paycheck.[REQUEST]
Going #WhaleWatching in #PowellRiver
We recommend enjoying our fresh Cod Fish
Everything Jen learned about sushi
Please send me some food very hungry but no money from india
[Request] Dad Has Permanent Brain Damage - Need Household Supplies While Job Hunting
[Offer]DRY GINGER at Prakrti Products -Online Store
Lost all food due to major storm
[Request][USA] Living in car with new job starting in two weeks
[Request][Ireland] Food for a week
Save your Time by using nearest pizza delivery service
My nipples are frozen and the freezer is already packed. /confused
Laid Off
[Thanks] A huge thank-you to /u/maryfamilyresearch
Garlic bread + Nutella
[REQUEST] no heat/in 30s Tonight/will draw you awesome pic for a pizza
Help!! I need to find Habenero Cheetos
In a very financially dangerous situation, young, and hungry.
I’m a very financially dangerous place, young, and hungry.
[REQUEST] Lost job and asking for help in 92627
[REQUEST] 46835 Need help badly Cheap food Amazon Wishlist
[REQUEST] Rock Bottom is a cold place and the lack of food is scary.
Open the link below.
Kitstaya is open 7 days a week.
[Request] 23704 need some supplies.
[Request] Just need some groceries to keep me on my feet
[REQUEST] 38350 Spain. Broke college student currently living alone with grandma without money for food until Nov. 10
Can Anyone Help Get Us Something To Eat Tonight? Thanks (55412)
[Request] Need some food for the family until payday
[REQUEST] Hello f_p, I'm just a guy looking to stay on my feet! (95610)
Barbecuing the perfect medium rare filet mignon is easy! Check this out
This is going to go Viral
[Request] N9A5J3 Canada - no incoming funds until Nov 1st, need assistance with groceries and meds until local food bank calls me back.
[REQUEST] broke till my next pay day. No food at home. Very hungry
[REQUEST] Hi student here, I don't get money till oct 22nd. Out of food. Would love anything.
Hi student here, I don't get money till oct 22nd. Out of food. Would love anything.
[REQUEST] No money while looking for a job, need help until I can get on my feet.
[REQUEST] Broke college student
[Request] No money for while looking for a job, need hell until I can get on my feet.
This is what a typical Japanese meal is like:
It’s Monday—which means it’s CHEAP PINTS day at The Shinglemill! See you later soon! http://shinglemill.ca/
[REQUEST] Looking for some assistance until I'm in a better place.
ZIP CODE
Take your sweetheart for a dinner date at the lake here at The Shinglemill.
[Request] currently unemployed
Seniors get 20% off every Tuesday here!
Bring the kids, or don't!
[offer]Five Ways Green Coffee Extract Can Improve Your Health
Caterers For Corporate in Bangalore
[Request] Asking for help with some basic necessities, while I try to get back on my feet.
[REQUEST ] Baby formula and few things to last me until Monday
[REQUEST] Broke and no food..
Sick with bronchitis
[REQUEST] I need some help while I wait for my ex and I to get new jobs.
[Request] Food to get by til my next payday
Moved from out of state and just got done training at my new job. In need of short term food items to get me by till first payday in 2 weeks.
Thanks so much u/AwwTheJammies
Beat the mid-week blues by visiting us for some cheap pints and scrumptious pub fare. http://shinglemill.ca/deals/
Our Donburi or rice bowls are cheap eats you can enjoy for lunch or dinner.
[REQUEST] could definitely use some help
[REQUEST] Desperate for basic needs and groceries
[REQUEST] 80012 Aurora Co. Need help with some food.
[THANKS] Thank you aefd4407 for getting me food items via Walmart wishlist
[REQUEST] Could somebody help me with food? Broke til next Monday
Take your kids to scrumptious treats here at the Shinglemill!
Knowledge of some basic Japanese dining etiquette
Get rid of your Monday blues by trying this Chimichurri Steak recipe
[Request] Living on disability and my Mom just recently had a hysterectomy and can't work again yet, house of 6 people
Struggling with bills
[Request] Looking for a bit of food to last me till first paycheck in Rochester
When you enter a Japanese restaurant,
Seriously I love feeding everyone else's kids honestly I do but now it put me in a position where it's taking away from mine😩
[request] only have 10$ for two weeks
Processed Food Market - Global Industry Insights, Trends, Outlook, and Opportunity Analysis, 2017-25
[request] In need of some groceries to last us until payday.
2 kids but no food
Need a angel
[request] No money for food for 2 weeks and no other option. Would anyone help me please? UK
[Request] We need a little help please
[Request] Just looking for help
Dishes smelling funny 🤧
[Request][19128] I lost my job a few months ago and as hard as I am trying to find a new one it isn't happening quick enough. My savings are depleted and I am having issues paying for food. Anything will help and as someone who volunteers I will pay it back to this sub.
[19128]Lost Job a Few Months Ago, Ran Out of Savings Paying for Rent. Can No Longer Afford Basic Necessities
[Request] Please help my mom and I
[REQUEST] in need of non perishables
I am completely out of money
[REQUEST] Canada V2P1Y6 single woman low on essentials
[Request] Family has $14 for 2 weeks
[Request] Necessities
Trying my luck here
[Request] In need of food in prepreation of Hurricane Irma
[Request] Don't have any money left.
[request] need a bit of help please
[deleted by user]
Help With Supplies For Hurricane Irma
[REQUEST] Provisions for Irma
[THANKS] unbridged77 for groceries via Amazon
[REQUEST] vegan groceries for a few days/week for vegan girl
[REQUEST] Groceries to last me a few days
For tonight 47408
[Request 13057]
[Thanks] Thank you u/AwwTheJammies
In Japan, the meal starts when the waitress, family member, or main guest gestures to begin eating, usually by saying, “Itadakimasu” (“I gratefully receive”). When finished with the meal, we say “Gochisosamadeshita” (“thank you for the meal”). http://www.kitstayasushi.com/links.html
[Thanks] to u/syn999 for saving my week!
Thank you u/syn999 for the pizzas! You saved my week!!
[Request] Extremely low on food and was not able to get snap just yet with no income currently
[Request]Single Male Student looking for dinner or a week's worth of groceries.
[Request] 98684 Family of 4 needing some help for a couple weeks
[Request] [47906] Nowhere else to turn
[Request] 98144 Been without food for 4 days. My check hasn't come yet. I'm very low energy at work. Would love to eat something other than stale cereal for every meal.
[Request] 69201 Food and baby stuff
[Request] (91604) Help with groceries
Please send help
Need food for the night
[Offer] For someone in Bloomington, Indiana
[Thanks] My family and I give thanks
[Offer] Internet Pizza Contest (Potato Edition!)
[Request] 31793 No money till the first of September, family of four
[REQUEST] (79605) It's been a rough few weeks, asking for a bit of assistance to get to my next payday.
[Offer] Tampons
[Thanks] Thank you for the help!
[Request] (78723) Short on food between pay checks
[REQUEST] UK
[REQUEST](98034) I don't get my EBT benefits until August 8th and I have no food, please help.
Hungry
[REQUEST] (98104) It's been a rough year and we could use a little help
[REQUEST] My friend has been homeless since Monday, and hasn't eaten anything since! I'm states away, and broke, and can't help her...
My friend has been homeless since Monday, and hasn't eaten anything since! I'm states away, and broke, and can't help her...
[Thanks] for helping my family.
[Request] (85710) In need of a little assistance
[REQUEST] 80021 - Lost my job, immediately found another, however the gap in pay is making eating hard right now.
[Request] In need of a little assistance
Desperate Need Help With Food
66203 Any help is much appreciated
[Request] Midtown Atl - single female - recently lost job after relocating. Starting new job next week.
[Request] Out of food for our family while I wait to start a new job in August
[Request] Waiting to start a new job and out of food
[REQUEST] Need groceries to get me to next friday
[Request] 12528 Mother passed away, getting evicted, need some help
[Request] [Outside US] I need a week's worth of groceries
[REQUEST](90008) Unexpected sickness meant I spent a bulk of my money on sickness this month so I need a bit of food
[Request] Need help with food (Canada)
[Request] Friend still living living in her car with her dog trying to make ends meet. Food and gift cards please
[Request] a hand until we get back on our feet. Indiana
Down to $13-- anything helps!
Me and my bro really want pizza
[REQUEST](23604) Going through hard time in need of food.
[Request] On, Canada, N8S3P2, food needed
[REQUEST] Recently had to move out, resulting in loss of job and vehicle access.
We guarantee excellent quality smoked sausages and deli meats at the best prices
Start your day with a protein-rich breakfast steak
Arctic Meat & Sausage makes burger patties you and your family will surely love
Here at Arctic Meat & Sausage, we’re always mindful of the quality of our deli meats
Meatloaf is often a mainstay for quick and filling family dinners
[REQUEST]In SW Missouri can you go to more than one food pantry?
[Question][Missouri]Can you go to more than one food pantry?
[Request] 92831, husband and I had a personal emergency and now we are not able to eat for a couple weeks.
[REQUEST] I have recently become unemployed, don't have a penny to my name and would really appreciate some food of any sort.
[Offer] one small box of candy to a child (worldwide)
[Request] (01453) family of 4 needs food assistance
[Request] 30263- Request for help with Baby food & necessities.
[Offer] Box of Food for anyone willing to come to Brooklyn and has a shopping cart.
Family of 4 needs help with food.
[Request] (31322) Alone and in a new place. I am without essentials and have run out of food.
[Request] Help for my family with food and a few other household needs 46802
[Request] [73401] Pregnant and running out of food.
[Request] (Toronto, Canada) Need some food until Friday
[REQUEST] (Canada) Homeless and need food
[Request] Groceries for the Week
[REQUEST] [70058] In need of food!
[REQUEST] Me and my son need some food
[Request] [NC, USA] Just coming out of homelessness, no work yet, could use a hand for a couple of weeks to feel like a normal human again.
lost full custody of son,temporarily homeless.
[REQUEST](Canada) in need of food :(
[Request][28630] Needing help with household needs again.
[28630] My mom and I are in need of help again.
[REQUEST] Family of 5 needs help getting through the next few weeks
[request] /u/nnyquick thank you
/u/nnyquick (thanks) thank you
[request] My family fell under hard times & are in desperate need of help with food. We have three young children; one of which is special needs. This was very abrupt and unexpected.
[Request] some food help
[Request] [Bournemouth UK] Student Nurse with no food or income for the next few weeks
[request]health issues have me on a liquid diet
[request] [34205] family needs help
[Request]63010 Need help with basics. Got attacked by a dog. Abusive husband canceled AFLAC. Details inside.
[Offer] box of food - all countries worldwide
[REQUEST] [80461] Out of money and food for the next week. Help will be immensely appreciated and paid forward at the soonest opportunity.
[REQUEST] [80461] Out of money and food for the next week. Help will be immensely appreciated and paid forward at the soonest opportunity.
[REQUEST] [46142] need help with groceries for a week for my daughter and myself.
(Request) (46142, indiana) need groceries desperately to last a week til payday.
No food, 72 cents, job doesn't start for two weeks
Recent Vet got out of VA Mental Hospital.
{REQUEST}
Need a Blessing!
[Request] Just needing some help to get by
[REQUEST][VT,US] Please help
(69201)
[Request] needing help and reaching out
[Request]
[Request] 77598 Former college football player homeless and hungry. Battling depression and trying my best to work things out but I haven't eaten anything in a couple of days. Don't like asking for things, but things are hard right now.
[REQUEST] Getting back on my feet
[request] X-Post from /r/Assistance: I had a hysterectomy and barely any money left (44906)
[REQUEST] X-Post from /r/Assistance: I had a hysterectomy and have barely any money left
[Request] Did not get paid last Friday (Canada)
[Request] (26505) Going through a rough spot and just need some food to make it through today.
[Request] No money or food until after June sixth (50014)
[REQUEST] 32114 College student in the summer time. Meal Plans aren't available and I'm struggling to find food.
[Request] No money until Sunday but I have no food left
Does Raleys drug test
[REQUEST] [HILO, HI] I haven't eaten since Monday and have run out of money. Job starts next week, but in the mean time, I can offer my artistic talent for some food.
On medical leave and have just enough to cover bills. almost out of food
[request] Anything could help
[REQUEST]Out of food anything helps.
[Request] (Detroit) Haven't eaten since yesterday, water is keeping my stomach full kind of. But it's starting to hurt to be honest.
[REQUEST][48066] Need help
[Request] Friend needs help, currently living in her car with her dog trying to make ends meet. Food and gift cards please
[Request] Friend needs help, currently living in her car with her dog trying to make ends meet. Food and gift cards please
[Request][60404] Family of 4 needs help after a long 2 months of trying.
[Request] I am desperate for food.
[11706] Anything can help
[REQUEST] A subway card for dinner at 7 pm est
[REQUEST] [46227] Waiting on SNAP approval, need a few days of assistance
[Request] [Canada] Mom of 2 going through a rough time
[Request] for pregnant friend and toddler waiting on first paycheck
Gift Cards for Hello Fresh
[Request] Moved to a new city with nothing - starting over and hungry while working!
[Request] zip (46143)my daughter and i are so hungry! No pantries are open today though.
[request] I have to wait till may 8th to get food
Have you tried our sunomono? Start you meal with this vinegar-based salad, which is the perfect appetizer. It’s also a great side dish for cleansing your palate in between bites of fried dishes. http://www.kitstayasushi.com/menu_8.html
[Request] [Ottawa, Canada K1N 6E8] Need food and essentials
[Request][32765] Student looking for Job on last meal needs assistance with food
[Request](46201) I need help with food and soap.
[Request] [19530] broke college kid who's looking for some help
[request] Food for family of 7 would be a blessing
Whether you need high quality wine kits
8 mths pregnant and on bedrest
[REQUEST] In desperate need of food. Medical bills piling up.
[Request] 01420 in extreme need and struggling really bad
[Request] [Australia, 4101] Sudden bills leaving me hungry for a while...
[REQUEST] [84119] Broke student just paid a lot of bills RoAP not working
Moved to new town with nothing - couple and dog hungry without cooking means!
Food assistance
[Request] [38108] no food money until the 15th, I'd appreciate anything!!
[deleted by user]
[request] Needing Food for Pesach/Passover.
[Request] 12180 Really need help with food and some personal items
[REQUEST] Fiance quit job, a little help would go a long way
[Request] Alberta Canada Family of 7 looking for help please
[request]
[Request] Protein bars, shakes, or Soylent and similar thing...any vegetarian protein basically!
Similac sensitive
[Request] My mother and I need food for the night (20011)
[Request] Need food for the night
[Request] [94704] Completely out of food and pantry donations didn't come through this week from school.
[Request] Hygiene products needed
[request] 77340 - Need help for few weeks while I job search
left abusive boyfriend and moved to NYC just need groceries to survive
[Request]13440 help with feeding cat
[request] I never would have thought to get into this kind of situation, but here I am, basically starving, in the middle of a beautiful country. (France)
Could anyone lend a helping hand to my boyfriend and I?
[Request] [12180] Need help with a few things for our family
[Request] Need grocery's or any help with food for a family of 5
[Request]Been eating rice for almost 4 weeks
[Request] I feel so defeated right now, but I need help.
I feel so defeated right now and I could really use some help.
Really hungry,no food in 2 days
[Thanks] for everything so far...
[request] 50533 Husband just lost his job and we could really use a hand with some stuff.
[REQUEST] Week until EBT card arrives, need basic staples to last. (32818)
[THANKS] for so much kindness and generosity!
[REQUEST] Struggling to get food at the moment, have to wait one more week to receive check. (75020)
[Request][28630] Having to move in with my mother that is in poor health and has little to nothing at her place. We could us a helping hand until I can find a job around here!
[Request] Any sort of food assistance
[REQUEST] Hungry Household Heralds Help for Hard-working Hands (80466)
[REQUEST] Living on my own was a lot harder than expected. 54401
[REQUEST] [NC, US] Need help getting through a couple of weeks
[NC, US] Need a little help getting through a couple of weeks
[request] veteran down on his luck needs food.
Desperate
[REQUEST][US,MA] MOTT'S Apple sauce and ginger chews please
mom with 2 daughters 40165 KY
[Request] I need help with food! Times are tough and I can't afford to feed myself. (20121)
[REQUEST] I didn't receive my tax refund like I was supposed to. Don't get paid until Friday and have no money for food.
[request] don't have any money, or really any good besides frozen waffles. Could someone help me with a pizza? I can offer a $25 sharper image gift card I've had for a while
[REQUEST] Didn't receive money I was supposed to from taxes. No food and don't get paid until Friday. (San Jose, CA)
What are the best 5 best foods to keep in your home to create complete meals for the whole week?
[REQUEST] Student with no money left until mid-April - UK LS31NA
[Request] Some help for the next couple weeks. Canada, M6S2T2.
[deleted by user]
[Request] 7 going on 8 months without work, feeling hopeless (Canada T4G 1N6)
Domino's/Other website gift credit code for event with cancer patients
Just need some help to get by (61530)
[Request] Cannot make ends meet, having to choose between gas in the car or food in the house (06417)
[THANKS] Thank you for your help!
[Request] Family of four with disabilities and struggling with bills, really could use help with some food, if at all possible. (98632)
[Request] Could really use some help. 05401
[REQUEST] In heavy debt, hungry (CANADA M5T 2B3)
[Request] Had to move, no money for 2 weeks. (60440)
[REQUEST] I'm a non-profit employee that currently has empty cupboards, and would greatly appreciate some help with food - 93401
I'm a non-profit worker that has empty cupboards, and would greatly appreciate some help with food - 93401
[REQUEST] Broke and starving
[Thanks] Thank you, a couple Redditors were able to help and life seems less bleak now!
[OFFER] if anyone is in New York and needs some extra clothes for the winter or some food, please let me know!
[Request] [21224] No food or money, starving right now, hoping for some help
[Request] something to eat until payday(15th) [Houston, Tx]
[request] possibly a pizza to hold me off [77071]
[Request] Fighting workers comp for assistance while out of work from a gnarly back injury. Life has been a roller coaster since and my bank account is down to -$12 because of a monthly service fee. I promise to pay it forward when I can get back on my feet 11221
[REQUEST] Merry Christmas, Have Debt. CANADA--J1M 1J4
[THANKS] to /u/monichica & /u/dalidala for helping me with groceries!
[Request] Started my new job today but I still have to wait two weeks for a paycheck. It would be highly appreciated if someone can help me out with some food. Just enough for a day or two. I would even graciously accept bread and cheese. 20121
[REQUEST] Extremely Low on Funds, Need Some Food To Get Us Through This Week Until Payday
[request] [30606] Moving by the end of this week, need groceries
Best Coffee Shop Franchise for 2017
[request] hey I don't really know how this works and I don't really not what to ask for. Canada v2j6k1
[REQUEST] Just need something to last me 2 days
[Request] I would like to survive until I can possibly get my SNAP benefits (< 7 days) - 97702
[Request] I'm a single guy who just ran out of food. Got a job a couple days ago after months without steady work. Trying to make it to my first paycheck. [Canada N2M3H5]
[REQUEST] Just need a little help with basics - 72901
[Request] [UK] Would really appreciate some help to get through the next couple of days
[REQUEST] Need Assistance--Sticky Situation (28390)(X-Post in r/assistance)
[Request] can anyone PayPal 5 bucks? 80911
Can anyone PayPal me 5 bucks? 80911
3 kids hungry, living out of back packs
No feedings around, 3 hungry kids.
[Request]Just hungry....(27529)
[Request] My fiance and I are out of anything to eat. I am getting scared, and need help.
[REQUEST] Will anyone order me a pizza?
[Request] Could use help with some personal items and cleaning items [25704]
[REQUEST] I just need a few bucks for pizza delivery
(70301) have a free pizza, just need a few bucks for delivery.
[request] I think I'm starving
[REQUEST] Mom and I need help with food until the end of the month [L6H6A4 -CANADA]
[REQUEST]No job. Short on Money (92324)
1 month I’m using this free аnd well trusted sex dаting wеbsite – I’vе fоund girls who аgrееd fоr sex
(Request) Single Young Man in need of temporary groceries. (Alberta, Canada T4N 0W5)
(REQUEST) 56063 Need help with basic needs
[Request] help with diapers (31404)
[Request][Czech Republic, Europe] lost job, no money, no food
[Offer] Italian Tutoring
19 yr old female seeks food
[REQUEST] food help [74145]
[REQUEST] Food Assistance - 94107
Was my post deleted? I don't see it and I'm almost positive I followed the rules.
AWKWARD
[request] broke graduate student needs food of some sort
[Request] Food help for the week if anyone's able [99201]
Elder and disabled couple in need of a meal or two.
Out of options (rant)
I live in Los Angeles and I would like to put an event together to help the homeless. Where is the best place to donate the proceeds?
I study at Starbucks often and notice that some homeless people will come in to get out of the cold. I’d like to buy them some food but I’m not sure the best way to go about it.
Who are your "neighbors"? Do you talk to them? What do you know about them?
Walmart, Home Depot, etc Parking Lot Dwellers: Where will you Sleep Thanksgiving night and black Friday weekend?
Experiences at Job Corp?
Considering Hong Kong has the most expensive housing, why does it have one of the lowest rates of homelessness?
Are there any programs out there that provide housing for homeless people who working?
Advice, please and thank you
Going to be homeless next month, but I got a free plane ticket. Where should I go?
Accepting chronic homelessness
Amazon HQ2 could push 800 people into homelessness, economist says
Dear homeless of Chicago: it's getting cold. Do you have blankets? Where can I find you? What are you doing for Thanksgiving?
The Shirky Principle!
Portland Homelessness Proposal
Homeless World Cup 2018 in Mexico
Homeless with My Mom and her BF
Newly homeless
Where is best..(in Canada)
the police in los angeles have been spying on me. what do i do?
Phoenix pastor wages war against helping the homeless this holiday season
Homeless 26 year old male in Los Angeles..any advice?
Got banned from r/sanfrancisco for this:
Help Earthly Body & Get Together Foundation join forces to raise $25,000 for homeless in Los Angeles
Hope u like the gold
I need help to fight my timid nature!!!
Thinking about creating packs for people, what are some good supplies and books?
Donate money to help feed the homeless this thanksgiving!
How do you deal with the physical address problem? I.e. where govt or business require a physical address.
Idk
Entry #1
Curious why homeless Americans don't make their way to California and get on SSI/food stamps
It's cold as hellll
Looking for advice. (Maryland)
Homeless 26 year old explains his life story & living on the streets
Occupod is a solid mobile sleeping platform that rolls down a sidewalk and provides safe sheltered sleeping at night.
Kansas City Health Department pours bleach on food meant for homeless people - Story
Far Worse Than Stealing Food From Safeway
How Tiny Houses Help the Homeless?
[VENT] Walked out of the only shelter in town tonight....
Preparing For Homeless
I fucked up
[USA] Spotlighting the issue of homeless vets
Steal or beg? - hypothetical what if scenario
Homeless at 19 years old (LONG post)
A former work camp from northern B.C. has been reworked an erected as a shelter in Kamloops
Am I supposed to be inspired... Or depressed?
I'm creating care packages to give out over this winter, what should I include?
How do I pull myself out of this?
Clever.. Bread is also money... 😎
Help me pay landlord so family can move back into apartment. Ive been unemployed for two months got kicked out but landlord said if you can pay 1 months rent within next two weeks, i wont sell it and i will let you back in. I never ask for money i ended up on unpaid medical leave came back replaced
how to get a place to live after homeless/bad rental history?
Hope for a homeless man -- One woman’s providential visit to her homeless brother in Los Angeles
What would you do?
wanted to share my exprience
Blood Relations
Yet another NIMBY town does the NIMBY thing by going full NIMBY on the homeless
When did you realise your friends/family were useless to you?
How old are you?
Showering questions
Same thing again guys
homeless to homeless outreach
San Diego North County Homeless Tips?
How do you deal with cops?
San Francisco passes $300 million tax to fund homeless services
Should I give food to homeless people?
Likelihood of Freezing to Death
Location Is Critical
Homelessness was a horrific experience for me
Not all Walmart stores are safe to rest...
Experieences going back to the housed life after extended homelessness?
Why do you actively choose not to live in a shelter?
Go Homeless by Choice for a Better Future?
What is something non-tangible that homelessness can't take away from you?
Would this be at all useful or viable to anyone living on the street?
When You Lose It All...More Tips & Advice
A story and some tips from a car dwelling college student
Come to the shelter in Ohio
Inside Akron's Tent City - Episode 1 - 'A Different Kind of Shelter'
When I take my shoes off after a day or two, what's this gooey brown stuff on the front ends of my socks that smells like the 'coons have been shitting on them even though I'm pretty sure that's impossible or at least very unlikely?
These posters are a cruel joke.
anyone in los angeles?
ok i have a question for people who dont have much money or a home:
Hi. I recently found myself homeless. Have one question.
UPS Store Mail Box Prices In My Area For Example
What do you handle better while homeless: The cold or the heat?
UK - Interesting vid on car dwelling
How can I help my friend who just lost everything?
Homeless Shelters and the State of Things
Multi-storied mirco housing to become new buzzword for slum tenement
Asthmatic/hay-fever ridden during spring with no way to afford an inhaler/antihistamines- anyone been through this? any tips to curb the symptoms that are costless?
What would you keep in a small locker?
[USA] November is National Homeless Awareness Month
Here is a helpful guide I have put together and been updating here and there that will help make homelessness not as hard for others.
Sleeping/relaxing spots
Especially here we should strive for patience and understanding
The most annoying thing about being homeless...
I'm Selfish and Thankful
Sleeping pads as gifts
Colorado sucks
Watch This If Your Depressed
Largest homeless shelter in country permanently shuts down
If you saw someone in a café you thought was homeless and you only had 70p and two chocolate bars, is it better to offer them or keep them (in case you possibly offend them)?
How to SAFELY offer ride share and get help with gas.
Thank you
San Francisco’s Top Crisis: Proposition C (Homelessness)
I feel like a black hole--I just can't "take" anymore and like dying would be the only way I can give back
Homeless are people too (Part 1) - Close Encounters of a Different Kind
Im evicted in 3 Days I need some survival tips!
What could you use the most this winter?
Not homeless but i would like to help
I'm 19 and just started working at a shelter in the uk not much experience, any advice so I can help people better?
Vagabond Ventures | October 29th, 2018
MTV Cribs
The Story Behind Mookie Betts Going to Feed the Homeless at 2 a.m.
Homeless again
The struggle
The homeless aren't all invisible to me anymore
Wanted to help the neighborhood homeless cats. I insulated a tote with poly foam and put a pillow inside.
Homeless women are the sexual assault survivors no one talks about. Here’s my story.
Lesbian looking to interview 2 current or former NYC homeless LGBT youth - $$
Picker-upper: imagine how much physical spam mail we don't have to deal with.
User-submitted tips to Survive The Cold.
DONATIONS ONLY; I’ll teach you how to get unlimited text/data/hotspot for less than $13/mo
Been homeless for almost a year - just got a job out of state and will be moving into housing
Washington Post: "Homeless women are the sexual assault survivors no one talks about. Here’s my story." Good to see these issues making headlines.
Foreigner can stay in homeless center?
What's the best way to panhandle?
Vagabond Ventures | Wednesday, October 24th, 2018
Dignity or income? I guess income
For first time ever, government recommends vaccine due to homeless status
Signs
Signs
Signs
I am so lost.
Ladies, how do you deal with harassment ?
Car Living Advice?
Wanna help the homeless?
How can a homeless person get on SSI?
Broke, Dirty and Hungry in NYC
Temporary Housing
When it rains, it fucking pours. Lost all possessions that were in a storage unit. Just got into a car accident. It was scary and I flew off the road. Car is totaled...just watching and breathing. I'm trying to get back on my feet and do better but it is so hard.
When it rains, it fucking pours. Lost all possessions on storage unit. Just got into a car accident. It was scary and I flew off the road. Car is totaled...just watching and breathing.
What freelancing work is good for (or better for) while homeless?
I thought I was on auto payments for my storage unit...I was mistaken
Advice on winter support campaign
Park supply drop?
It's amazing how....
Will go homeless within a month
"ÂÂYou idiots, we'ÂÂre fighting for you!"ÂÂ: Homeless people as revolutionary leaders | The Volcano *on* Property Rights
Second Night in the Car
So were under a boil water demand for the next 2 weeks, and now i think i may need some emergency help...
UK advice needed - how to access benefits and register with job agencies without an address?
Vagabond Ventures, The Start
Finally
"Homeless person didn't want to take my shitty half-eaten leftovers, they must not really be in need or struggling" [x-post]
Homeless in soCal
Buying a small car seemed like a good idea two years ago until tonight, when it became our home.
Income opportunity for someone, legitimate
Homeless encampments latest destination for "tragedy tourists"
The place to dwell in your car w/o paranoia and fear.
I might become homeless for sometime in Turkey particularly, any advice on how to survive?
Things are starting to get cold this time of year. If you've survived freezing temperatures before, please share some tips on how to keep warm & stay safe this winter. Your advice could save a life.
What do you do with your bags when you have a job interview?
Up to 35000$ loan online with bad credit score, should you take it to get through the day?
31 the low here tonight yall? What bout where y'all homeless are? Brrrrrr
Home Depot or Lowes car dwelling?
UPDATE***Drug test done..passed of course. TB test done. Start on 29th for two days training....then on Nov 5 I'm off to certification class for week where they put me in hotel, feed me and pay my gas! I got this!! No way but up baby!!
Great place to wash up and clean your clothes. Charge phone up..etc! Rocking the #homelesslife. No way but up!!! 😘😘😘
Is this right to do or wrong
San Francisco judge tosses criminal charges against homeless camping on sidewalk
I think I may finally get housed
Surviving Alaska: Down and Out in America's Coldest City
Public places to PC game?
Abused & Homeless
Im living in my 1965 Chevy Malibu
Abused & Homeless
How can I help you get into a better position?
a Crackwhore's FARTS
US cities with the most homeless people, as of 2017
Anybody ever have this problem?
Places to hang for free/cheap weekends and nights
[I'm not homeless] A quick question
I’m willing to help those that are willing to help themselves. In turn, I gain your trust to help me with my business.
Do some states offer better free mental health services to the homeless than others?
Coping with Panhandlers
Homeless but I have a car.
#carlife
A homeless man I met in Portland Oregon. Really friendly dude with a wonderful service dog. Said I’d post this too Reddit when i was talking to him. I’ll stick to my word, here’s one for you Troy
My new home...booted by family. Guess I'll sleep here until my job kicks in...drug test tmrw!! Only way to go is up!! 48/SWF-Never thought I'd be here at my age. 😕
Can you answer some questions about homeless in San Diego?
Homeless man gets kicked to the face for no reason 😠😠👊
Homeless in boston
What a difference a tent makes!
South jersey
(And how long is this spot really going to last for me anyway?)
SNAP users, just a reminder that your plans need renewed every 6 months. I wouldn't want someone to get caught in my position. I'm without food benefits because I thought it was every 12 months. Just reapplied.
Sikh Temples offer free vegetarian food 3x day regardless of religion
Yorkville woman faced homelessness twice, gives back to Kendall County PADS
Preference for partner with homeless experience
Homelessness in New York Public Schools Is at a Record High: 114,659 Students
The Hunger Games comes to homeless shelter
October 25th
Don’t know what to do
I need ideas to come up with a car battery...
I need advice on deplorable shelter conditions
Anyone ever look into these $1 Hud Homes?
Don’t forget who you are:
Just throw all your winter survival tips into this thread please.
Bought portable butane stove and cooking utensils for just over $30 at walmart, REALLY helpful if you want to warm/cooked food
Using my last 2 dollars to play the lottery
She might get out of this
I see
Theres a homeless guy my boss asks me to move every night outside in back of the store via calling police. I'm torn
I no longer know what to do
My mother is on the brink of being homeless, and I'm not sure what her options are.
What can I do for a local homeless man?
Trying Not To Break Down — A Homeless Teen Navigates Middle School
Recently homeless
About to be new to homelessness...
Senior mom, daughter need help
The True Story of 'Bumfights'
The US Supreme Court debates whether car dwellers are "robbed" or "burgled"
No such thing as being “homeless”
How to lose pride?
Called for an interview
Dissociated about the fact I will be homeless by Friday. Need suggestions. I have many questions. Please. Thank you.
BBC: Homeless problem in America "likely to get worse"
How are you guys keeping stress to a minimum?
Today i found out i will be homeless in about 3 months. What do I do now?
Tip // Evicted a few years back life kinda back on track
Might be homeless in the near future, any tips?
Sleeping in my trunk, good or need a new location?
Fear of keeping personal items while homeless
Sleeping on roofs
Being homeless ain't cheap y'all
Anyone been homeless in Costa Rica, or other non U.S. countries? any advice?
Experts blame epidemic of Typhus in Los Angeles on squalid conditions of homeless living
Homeless retreat
Why I have relatives instead of family
Backs against the wall, chemotherapy dose being doubled
My 1st month of being homeless tips
Interested in those short stories from people who were really picky on foods before becoming homeless now modifying due to realizing you will go hungry if youre so picky/limited (non medical based like forced gluten free). Vegetarians and the like are excluded.
Homeless people aren’t starving to death. They don’t want your shitty food. (not my post, just sharing)
The Nomadic Sex Offenders of Miami-Dade County
https://www.themarshallproject.org/2018/10/03/banished
How to eat healthy while homeless (without a car) with no fridge?
Question: Taking homeless people out for lunch. Yes or no
Hawaii bans homeless from living on sidewalks or other public areas
Is anyone homeless in Canada?
Got a great job! Now I'm homeless.
Who’s voting this election while homeless in the USA?
Homeless for real this time i need help
Bettering the lives of homeless people in my town
Does anyone know of any charities/organizations that help Autistic adults?
Found a new bottom, taking strength from it
Rules of Homelessness
Tiny homes for homeless creates huge backlash
I wanted to help, I asked for help, I found EGYHOP.
Bad people suck
Would it be unethical for me to stay in a homeless shelter?
Homeless men in California or men who used to be homeless tell me your experiences?
[Update 2] Homeless, for the umpteenth time in my life
Austin restaurants can no longer throw away food. Well another reason for me to hitchhike outta here. This was my main source of food when i didnt have cash. I doubt many comply, but whats Sonic gonna do? the toss BUNCHES of food away. I feel this is more anti-homeless than recycling.I'm OUT!
Two men shot sleeping under bridge in south Austin (link in desc.)
This really pisses me off, makes me want to rant, no one local gives a EFF and im quite sick of this planet anyways. Makes me want to grab my towel and raise my thumb towards space. EFF this planet!
I won the battle, but lost the war
DD should be held accountable. Community is outraged !
Anyone know good towns to hole up at for winter? I'm thinking central US and no big cities with their problems.
Homeless (and not hating it?)
Next week, I will have my own bedroom
A Week in the Life of a Homeless College Student
Calling on Portland/PDX
What's a good homeless care package?
I'm part of a team designing products for homeless people/homeless shelters. Anyone want to answer some questions?
Stemming the Tide
How can I survive the Winter in Michigan? I just need a place to stay for 5-6 months.
1300 miles to Slab City
Small room with 4 dogs space saving tips needed! I inherited my parents pets- they are old and they are NOT going anywhere. I just escaped abusive relationship Tuesday so no job, money. Must figure out most space efficient ways for basic stuff. No place to put house owners items, clutter/hoarding.
Homeless guy in my shed (advice needed on how I could help, UK)
Помощь бедным в Индии - (как живут бедные в индии)
Fall used to be my favorite season
My school gave me these goodies so I dropped them off to my local homeless hostel - There are many kind souls out there willing to help!
I’ve been working super hard at my job, and one of the executives at my workplace somehow noticed and is sending a thank-you card to me. I am extremely humbled and can’t believe it. However, I don’t have a home address, and he wants it. Is it safe to tell him to send it general delivery?
[deleted by user]
Need help
I have no time and a little bit of money. How can I help?
Pay to store valuable things anywhere? [Ohio]
Temporary living in a minisitry. Where is somewhere I can store valuable belongigs?
Homeless crisis in California
Homeless Shelters and Services Still Critical Step to Reaching Housing Stability
Dumpster dive!
Does anyone know if you can get a drivers license when homeless in California?
Forbes 30 under 30 Millionaire Chris Kelsey "I'm Ending Homelessness by 2020"
Need advice ASAP
Homeless services in washington AMA
What do you wish you had known before becoming homeless?
RIP Psychosis tent guy.
Homeless Update #3
Another day, another dollar
Any fellow females in Los Angeles willing to share the cost of a motel room with me and my dog?
I started a YouTube channel for ATOA, my company in which the goal is to eradicate hunger and homelessness.
Online comic about homelessness. What do you think?
What does your food storage look like today?
"Libraries have become de facto homeless shelters"
I should have been departing from a Greyhound as we speak
Not Homeless Enough for Housing: How Requirements for Chronic Status Fail Many
I created a company to remedy the issue of hunger and homelessness.
No more cactuses and bulldozers: Softer approach aims to clear homeless from Fort Lauderdale
[Cobb County, GA] Only days remaining and 211 provides no referrals that are useful. Where to go to get a case manager?
If you had a bit of notice before becoming homeless, what would do to prepare?
My Story as a Homeless Developer
Never look homeless says veteran homeless man
Philadelphia help.
YouTuber Backlash in Comments Trying to Raise Money for Homeless Organisation, thoughts?
A number of people sleeping outside (both homeless and not) have been beaten to death in LA and Santa Monica in the past month- keep it on your radar!
Keeping clothing fresh and compressed - Tips/tricks?
Input on creating sleep kits?
I ran away from home. It's more complicated than you think | Marnie Grun...
What can I do to help my mom?
Frustrating AF
The dread of knowing that your period is coming. Makes me want to give up completely.
Homeless and pregnant.
How can a homeless person with no income and no ID (or money to spend on one) get EBT?
Sleeping
Question: What to take to a homeless shelter/best size backpack to use.
What’s the best way to help/support homeless people in the UK?
Good interview, Lance Henrikson talking about surviving vagrancy in his youth
Homeless in a few hours what should I do?
Any advice on how to get around ABAWD in Florida?
[Update] Homeless, for the umpteenth time in my life
good suggestions for places to clean out my car that when looked inside is obvious i am living in it?
Passin the time
The latest thing the homeless can't do? Play football
Hygine in germany as a homeless?
First day homeless
Educated addicts
Kendall County PADS seeking women and men with a heart for the homeless
Homeless in downtown Chicago.
Do remote work for a great cause and earn ~$12.50/hr
Tomorrow I have an interview at the same place I was sent to ...
So I messed up.........
Thinking about going homeless for awhile.
The solution to San Fancisco's homeless problem is to entice the homeless to live somewhere other than San Francisco.
3 Health Tips From the Homeless
Night Shift
Heading south
Volunteer in exchange for services.
What is the most homeless-friendly city?
What is the percentage of homeless people with smartphones?
19yr old male, second day homeless in Canada
Whats worse - sleeping dirty as a man, or as a woman?
Homeless ne demek Homeless Türkçe
Homeless, for the umpteenth time in my life
I’m so frustrated...
Under 18. I'm going to be homeless in a couple days due to my mother
Homelessbess can happen to anyone!
Having no ID really sucks while homeless
homeless ne demek homeless Türkçe
On the border of walking out.
Bennington board repeals panhandling ban ordinances
Will be homeless and living in my car by tomorrow morning.
homeless software developer trying to escape
Wanting To Leave Southern Missouri. Want To Come Along?
Homeless Kankakee, IL man croons a song he wrote.
Here I Go Again, On My Own...
LPT? NO. HOMELESS / STARVING PRO TIP FOOD HACK
I Live In Southern Missouri And Am Planning On Leaving Soon. Anyone Want To Come With Me?
I am scared
Wendy's Free Cheese Burger Every Day Of September .. Mobile App . Buy any Menu Item Get Free Burger
Don't underestimate life because it can get worse!
Help emergency money... for free.
Extra university cafeteria food- would it be rude to offer them food?
(United States) Where in America should I go if I end up homeless?
Anyone homeless on a beach or island?
Extensive data on homeless in one Colorado town
Helping homeless
In the city of Dallas, TX "panhandling" is illegal and you have to pay to spend the night at a shelter.
Friend is homeless in S/SE Washington apartment searching with Govt help
My gf (21) got kicked out and can't stay with me
You can Volunteer at a YMCA and get a membership! Meaning a place to hang out, WiFi, showers, and connections to more resources like churches and food banks!
Just makes me sad
5 years and counting
Ehat is it like to sleep outside without shelter?
friend considering homelessness, how can i help her?
California’s housing crisis is so bad people are living in cars
Have you ever left belongings in a tent over the winter?
what's the deal with homeless people?
Cheapest way to get from LA to Reno with a bike and luggage
A community for homeless
About to be homeless - Cape Town
does being psychologically abused but kept physically and financially safe warrant by-choice homelessness?
What do you need?
Relief Agency or Shelter Certification / Requirements to Get State ID in Nevada for SNAP?
Would you rather be in jail or be homeless?
Would you rather be homeless or have charges pressed against you for trespassing?
Possibly facing homelessness, what do I do with my outdoor cat?
Anybody in Texas want to meet up?
While the shops prosper the poor sleep rough. Took this in Lincoln city during the steampunk festival last month. Very sad to see.
Coming back to San Francisco. My little story on my experience there while living rough (no car just couch surfing)
What was your experience with homelessness and period poverty (UK)?
Tips on car living
Gonna be at little Caesar’s on Diversey in Chicago
They call her the "pooper trooper"
Currently staying in a motel but don't want to waste the little money I have.
soon to be homeless for 90-120 days, have some questions
How homeless women have little choice but to use sex for survival
Got an apartment!
Its nothing. (personal shit)
I feel like I'm done being kind
Cities can’t prosecute people for sleeping on the streets if they have nowhere else to go because it amounts to cruel and unusual punishment, which is unconstitutional, a federal appeals court said Tuesday
Who wants to chill at my crib with me?
I'm so heartbroken, I don't even know where to begin. Just need to talk.
Food Stamp Hacks
Plan for a better homeless shelter
Sitting, lying, sleeping in public is protected activity: 9th Circuit US Court of Appeals
In a result that shocks no one: $400K raised for homeless man spent by his friends
Will code for food.
Im 17 with single 47yo mom and a small dog, we stayed at 2 of her friend's house during August, right after she dumped her cunty ex-bf who was emotionally treating her like shit.My mom's boss has been convicted for rape and she's likely to lose her job
I'm 18 and going to be homeless in a few days
I'm a 17 year old, who is soon to be homeless, Could some people give me some basic survival tips?
I have been flirting with the idea of becoming homeless.
Officially homeless in 2 hours
help boyfriend rob me
By end of the week
I want to help a homeless guy in the town I live in. But I don’t know how
How to help? Disclaimer: I'm not homeless
Help getting home
CA Lt. Governor: helping the homeless only convinces more people to become homeless
Any homeless women? I need some support. Tired of everyone thinking I’m a trick.
ACLU Demands That Fort Lauderdale & Hollywood Stop Enforcing Unconstitutional Panhandling Bans
Homelessness in Ithaca, NY
I need some advice.
Philadelphia shelters?
Rampaging front loader kills homeless woman during state-sponsored encampment destruction
It's moments like these that make me question how others have a job and I don't!
McDonalds App
Pray for me
Homeless with a Cat
2018 Government Money for Housing Urban Development
A misstep, then disaster
Need some advice for my boyfriend (22) who is now homeless...
I was homeless in Omaha, Nebraska
Screwed over on tires now need all 4 replaced if anyone can help!
I'M DONE
Looking for economically homeless people to appear in my video
Three part series on homelessness in Albuquerque, New Mexico
HOW ARE PEOPLE HOMELESS? JUST GET A HOUSE LOOOOOOL
My 5 children, husband & I are facing homelessness
Got banned from the r/basicneeds sub
Trying to keep non-homeless friends is too much...
About to be homeless
What would you do?
Advice
Air bnb?
Homeless advocate savagely beaten by homeless man
So close
stl mo
NFL player whines after spending eight minutes in hot car
“I have a basic desire and need to not be homeless anymore - It’s really tiring.” ray is a rough sleeper - Even though he struggles he has a magic smile and positive outlook #homeless
Judge orders San Diego to stop ticketing homeless people living in vehicles
LA Businesses Fence Public Sidewalks to Keep Out Homeless
Can you recommend a good electric shaver ? I dont like shaving...
Here's a check in, my second YouTube video. In case you didnt know, I'm running a homeless YouTube channel. If love you to check out.
Got a job offer! Yay!
Is this guy a scam artist?
Homeless YouTube channel, info provided and daily check ins
Advice on going homeless
Can we REALLY come up with a solution to prevent homelessness? Can I talk about how hard it is for someone to be taken seriously? How about that NO women should ever be homeless. neither should kids. and transgenders should be allowed to live in
Any advice is appreciated! Have an interview tomorrow :)
What would you do?
When Flo Rida hits you in the feelz
Stuck in Florida
Federal court backs activists who feed homeless in Fort Lauderdale
Harassed just for watching a movie in the park
Me and my boy at homeless soup kitchen tonight! The average age of a rough sleeper at death is 43, nearly half the UK life expectancy #homeless #thewanderinglondoner
Hey can someone give me job related advice?
Overseas
I really need help
Any Advice On Surviving The Salvation Army?
Brand new to being homeless San Francisco
Stealth parking
Do any of you deal with anhedonia?
HOMELESS HUNGRY 4 SUCCESS TAKE A RESUME
Homeless and no where to go, Colorado version
Don't give people money on here!
Can't catch a break...
Ideas for a sign?
Starvingg
DATELINE: CITY OF ANGELS
Homeless, pregnant, and isolated.
If the social security program and application process was simplified and faster, many homeless people wouldn't be on the streets.
Job Ad
Homeless Girl Scouts Find Home Amongst Each Other
Panhandling etiquette
How does a homeless person deal with trash?
How do you pass the time and combat boredom?
Hey you, with the modified exhaust ripping across town in the middle of the night...
Today was almost perfect until....
"Bottle Carts" Urban Art at the End of the Road
Gratuity
In Chicago?
Serious question.... When is it better to be homeless?
It's the little things
Homeless life at The Whitechapel Mission
Will be homeless shortly, take 4 medications that I'll no longer have insurance for. Other questions too. Any help appreciated, thankyou!
Exhaustive list of necessities for those asking to help the homeless?
So on Monday me and my partner...as well as my two cats are going to be homeless.
We signed our lease today! :D
Dead Broke - Need Help (Message me if you can - need food - pizza?
I'm not sure if this is okay to post here, but I'm looking for some advice regarding helping the homeless.
Suddenly Homeless
18 & kicked out
What I hate most about being homeless just happened
Guy kicked my 12 year old dog yesterday, someone called police:(
Tips for sleeping in vehicle in winter? Average temp. 20 degrees?
Washing clothes in River by hand
Portable popcorn cooker strategy
Fishing, Eggs and simcards/internet
Stuck in psych ward RIGHT NOW help me!
Im going to cry..no one can help me
Ugh I made a huge mistake moving to Florida
First time in my life I've been withoit a place to sleep
$300 for security deposit or I will be homeless even longer
Applied for several assistant programs but nothing...
Buehler elevates homeless issue
Job hunting can get frustrating
Ex-cons 10X more likely to homeless than the general public
And they said, Believe on the Lord Jesus Christ, and thou shalt be saved, and thy house.
If I go to a Vegas homeless shelter, will they send me back to my home state? And please give thoughts on plans to move to Vegas homeless shelter from out of state. Thank You.
Emotional trauma of repeat homelessness?
Cops bugging people again
What's it like being homeless in Oregon and Washington?
I got an interview this Wednesday!
Discussion: "Homeless people want to be homeless"
First meal of the day...
FREE ID for Floridians
ID assistance
How do people become homeless
How to become homeless ?!
Going to be homeless on Monday
How do you urbex without getting spotted? And where are some out of the way abandoned places?
What to stock for giving away - What do people need?
What If We Can Solve The Homeless Problem By Making Homeless People Live-In Servants?
So I suddenly became homeless. Any advice? I'm feeling pretty hopeless right now.
Arriving in US Homeless Single Father Vs. Arriving with 3 Kids Homeless together..
Any homeless out there Have Experience with 200USD park/camping pass? Worth it? Best Arrive i US and find work Quickly strategy...
Transplant to Oregon
Time Is Short
Chilling in a storage unit for 4 hours. AMA
No worries about crime for this homeless family
A homeless woman tells her story
As the homeless soup kitchen lead on behalf of VBBD I’m delighted to announce that we have a new working partnership with Barking Football Club and LIDL to support homeless and hard up friends in our borough. #homeless #TheWanderingLondoner
Im not homeless anymore.
To Alabama
Proof of address?
A few years ago I spent three seasons in a homeless encampment. I learned much about the lives of those less fortunate than most, and how the city tries to deals with them. I put together a documentary that continues to be used to understand chronic homelessness.
Spirtual dudes who prayed with me in Cobb County. Spider Squad they called themselves. More tommorow.
How The Other Half Eats
Hi! Please help me find somewhere for my Aunt to go before I fucking kill her or somebody else does.
Best way to pay the homeless digitally?
About to be homeless
My aunt just got evicted from her house with her dog, any advice?
What do i get boys in need?
Not sure what else to do to keep my dad from becoming homeless...
Are homeless people allowed to sleep in laundromats in the US?
Spare change is dying, and the UK's homeless people are worried
How's everybody?
Pay for hotel room. Try to do laundry. Get accused of being homeless non-guest by maintenance guy.
Is it normal for my position on the section 8 waiting list to go up? (Higher number)
Update: From Physc to Hospital
What I wore today in 100 f. Also what made my problem tweaker leave. Original story here somewhere. I am born both, not trans. That's why homeless shelters won't help me.
I need to know how in todays world, I need to find a couch to do my YouTube live stream.
[deleted by user]
bought a homeless couple a meal...
Homeless soup kitchen
Female Hygiene for homeless women
Where to go to be homeless
The frustrating moment gets even more frustrating..
My mentally ill daughter aged 19 has befriended a homeless young man age 22
Working as a case manager at a youth (16-24) homeless center/shelter. What is the most important thing for people in this role to know?
How having space - even small enough to hold a cellphone - is helping Chicago’s homeless
[question] ok it’s half past midnight and I’ve just been walking my dogs and I’ve seen what I think is a homeless girl in a tent on her own. I waved and said “alright” didn’t see her to start with.
A Page to spread awareness about homelessness :)
Yet another frustrating moment
Homeless in the UK?
How did this happen
Question about homeless (single)females...
How do I get out of this 23 male
Anyone want a free atom movie ticket?
guy gives money to homless child!!!
Help me end homelessness!
I read the rules, Hope this is ok to ask for input
Looking for feedback on platform to help people experiencing homelessness.
18yo needing serious help
Single Mother in 50's needs help asap homeless
About to become homeless--how to set up a tent and leave it unattended without getting stolen?
Give me shelter - but not at double the cost
I have 2 weeks
Rant and a hello, former homeless
Broke 18 year old. First night on the streets
What programs are out there?
Wtf do I do ?
I made it!
Startup to Fight Homelessness
Not sure how to do this
What are you listening to lately?
Don’t want to spend a Saturday night alone? Well come join a discord I made for us. It will probably be just me and you for now, but I hope to see others join and keep each other company.
Just did my first night... in a typhoon.
Some arguments I have developed when conversing with anti-homeless people to help them 'get it'
Hey guys, I made a discord for people who visit here. Sometimes I just need to talk to somebody, and I’m sure people here can relate. Easier to make connections then posting and replying to threads!
The Most Detailed Breakdown I've Ever Heard of How One Became Homeless and Their Life on the Streets
A good website for inspiration*im not homeless*(soon to be though...)
BIS Homeless Gear
Asking Homeless People In Toronto "Why Are You Homeless?" (Social Experiment)
Some ideas that work for me that could work for you (vehicle/rubber trampers)
Sleeping outside tips?
Mom took off with the rent money
Why do some homeless people sleep in really bad places ?
Square some change?
Do you believe a maximum wage should exist?
Single Parent / Homeless / Homeless Family Co-Op?
A dude of my age just became a billionaire.
A dude of my age just became a billionaire.
A dude of my age just became a billionaire.
A dude of my age just became a billionaire.
Need help in the NOW (x-post gofundme)
What items can I keep in my truck that would be helpful to the homeless?
If you can travel, San Francisco is a homeless mecca right now. Very easy to get settled, survive, and grow.
Made it out in four days - here's what worked and what didn't
3 AM & it's still triple digits. Sleeping in the car is rough tonight.
Life on the street
I signed up to volunteer tonight. I’m still focusing on bettering myself, but I already feel a huge sense of accomplishment that has been lacking in my life lately.
Anyone have any insight on what it's like to be homeless in Southern California?
Had anyone applied and gone through the process of applying for section 8? I want to do it but have no idea how to go about it and google has not yielded anything to grab on.
How is Baton Rouge for homelessness?
Homeless in RVs, trailers scramble to move vehicles to avoid being towed by city
Backpack with laptop and critical work stolen last night - advice please!
Hey donate to homeless being by just clicking the link and visiting the sight
How to be a help to my brother
Stay in shelter when you have a vehicle you could stay in?
Since being homeless ...What 3 things do you miss? What are 3 things that give you hope? What are 3 things you've learned?
Have you ever been offered money for sex?
Former homeless vet, now billionaire John Paul DeJoria helps homeless build own community.
Growing number of “working homeless” are sleeping on streets despite having jobs
A look into my first night as a homeless person
My best advice for those that want to help and have a camera - with artistic talent
Renting after homelessness?
Help me please...
Selling everything you own for terrible prices because you have no choice
Need some advice
Stop making excuses, stop being poor and do what it takes.
Need everything. What to do first?
First night on the street and there is supposed to be all night; sever thunderstorms, tornado warning, and up to ping pong sized hail....
Anyone else homeless not because of poverty, but because of chronic mental illness or addiction?
Street Sleeping in Vancouver, WA...What Do?
Long term homeless / travelers vs short term homeless / almost homeless, how do you feel about life and homelessness?
Melbourne's first pop-up homeless shelter launched to tackle housing affordability crisis
Portland Metro Area Homeless Stat?
The Crucifixion Represents Human Suffering
Fear is holding me back.
Homeless vote can make the difference in close races.
Southern California. Have a cot, a tent, and a car. I am too big to sleep in the car, where are my options to go to sleep, other than random sidewalks?
Mental health and shelter life--for me, the structure is a chance to "get clean" from a life of addiction
Tips for a newbie?
22% surge in number of older homeless people catches L.A. officials off guard
Lost everything
My friend lost his job and is living out of his car. What can I put in a care package for him?
Anybody in Sioux Falls? What is it like to be living rough there?
Dies anyone know if you have to be a resident of county to apply for public housing?
Where do you get your best sleep?
Anyone tried gym subscription to get showers / hygiene?
New Instagram Page
I run a homeless hostel and need your help
Hopeful in the darkest place I've been.
Tips for living out of car in Baltimore
Help! If not for the mother for the kids.
Homelessness on the Rise in Melbourne, Australia
Feeling Hopeless
Well
Am i a scumbag for stealing food?
Well damn
[California] Anyone have any tips on how to survive in your car?
Bathrooms locked in downtown Eugene
A Graveyard Shift Worker's Opinion On Homeless Staying Overnight
Day 25 Shoe Shiner
Question: How to help an acquaintance
Surviving homelessness on chemotherapy - an update
Anything Viable I Can Do About Bed Bugs
I'm going to take myself and my car to Colorado. I could really use advice.
Portable home
Pinellas County Florida St Pete, Clearwater, ect drop in center for mail to get drivers liscense when out of state?
Any Experience being homeless/transitional housing/what's best for homeless single parent with kids? (Sparks/Reno/Fernly/Silver Springs/Stagecoach/Dayton)
What's the best thing you got from a homeless person?
Explore with me/ good company
Hello peeps
Worried about the law
Day 24 Wisdom and Kindness
If im going to be homeless what is the process of getting temporary housing in Chicago or any help
An Eternity to Go
Avoid the Oregon Coast
Getting Situated
Anyone in New Haven?
Question: Are there any homeless folks that are keen on lock picking...
Basketball players giving food and things to random people in need
Homeless golf tourney
a summer in the deep south
What would you want in a 3D printed house.
Need info on how to get state id without home.. real address services?
My boyfriend (21M) and I (24F) are about to be homeless. A better explanation is inside. Do you have any tips for us?
If anyone can help with anything. Even advice.
Is there any of you living next to Bryant Park, New York?
Homelessness and Teeth!
short tale, of why i want to help homeless. how i was saved, and how i want to save others. i feel sometimes we just need someone to believe
Im homless and have no $$ help
The Jewel of the South, Atlanta.
A Day in the Life of a Homeless Woman
Looking for ideas for homeless supplies
A small hood in Augusta GA
What a story.
They have room
Need some food
Thanks
Because I care. I went out in the city of LA and asked the homeless how we can help.
Homeless in Bristol UK
What are some things that I may offer to a homeless friend?
If you are currently homeless, what are you willing/not willing to do to improve your situation?
Homeless survival kit for $50?
How do homeless people get alcohol,and cigs without an ID ??
I am trying not to panic but this is scary
Scaling care packages
1 in 8 Americans go hungry each day, meanwhile US stockpile of unsold cheese hits 1.4 billion pounds.
Happy 4th july hope you all have a good one 🎆
LFG?
I’ve been living out of my car for 2 years and have come to a dead end in an electrical issue.
[Question] Where to start?
Took a job that's 2 hours away (one way) because I'm super eager to work
How do you deal with sunburn?
S.P.Y is Creating an Urban Garden for California's Homeless Youth
Summary of Day in South Georgia
Any quick advice on being cut off from phone service?
Day 9: Love Lost
Looking for advice
Aggro yuppies
might be homeless in L.A.
Soon to be homeless
I got this after 30+ years of being homeless
Facebook page
any l.a. rentless people?
Places to/to not panhandle
Day 8 Calm in the Wind
Sharing gratitude for a random act of kindness
Hope this story can lift some folks up. Formerly homeless student about to become family's first college grad
What the deal with homeless people?
About to be homeless. Landlord in default. What now?
Can someone help me with this?
Dear fellow hobos: there is hope.
I may have a free pizza available
Maybe homeless due to harassing neighbors
Day 6/7 Established
Brother Wants Money
Need Help Getting Established In NW Connecticut
Wow, demonizing the unfortunate, yet helping the illegals, wtf?
American homeless in Ukraine. Need help getting home
(Summer) Need a shower? Self serve carwash can be your friend.
"In nature, only the fittest survives."
Asssistance
edmonton
Off drugs and healthy, but camping outside with my dog again... Not sure what to do next.
Homeless in San Diego
homeless in calgary
How one woman has survived living in her car the past seven years
I am being prosecuted for giving a job for a homeless man. (Brazil)
Jailed for charging a phone: Under Boulder law, theft of electricity can land citizens in court
How are homeless shelters usually like?
This might be of help to someone that is homeless in the Reno (silver springs) area
http://myemail.constantcontact.com/News-from-the-U-S--Interagency-Council-on-Homelessness.html?soid=1011269667270&amp;aid=WUt784J9FzU
About to be homeless (not reallyyy) ....
Where should I start over?
Casual sex with nasty homeless guy
No Common Sense Day 4
go to your closest marina and ask if they have free boats.
Hungary makes homelessness a crime
Any idea for jobs while homeless with a puppy?
Homeless in the Hudson Valley
SJPD Clears Homeless Shelf Wednesday 20.6.18 San Jose CA
Hi redditors I have started a blog to tell my story about my homelessness as a teenager
Tips for being homeless
Hopeless
ADVICE FOR SINGLE FEMALES WITHOUT CHILDREN
A return Day 3
Returning to that wild gray yonder... So surreal this time tho
Day Two
Miracle Messages reunites the homeless with their loved ones, and the rest of us as their neighbors.
Decided to log everyday of being homeless down.
Might be homeless soon, what should I do?
Did i do the right thing? I lost my apartment yday do to foreclose which my landlord hide for me. So i was homeless with my pregent gf and two cats. We want to 3 shelters and called 50 plus shealters no one would take them so left them in front of someone house. Was this the right thing to do??
[HOMELESS]Shwalbe Marathon Supreme Tubless Vs. Shwalbe Marathon Touring Plus Best Homeless Desert City Tire/ Carrying heavy weight
Another Catch 22
Reading through this sub fills me with hope
Amazon & Bezos Screw Homeless In Seattle
This summer I am going to be donating fresh stuff to the local Basic Needs. Is this a good idea?
Is there an address service in Seattle for homeless people to get their licenses renewed?
Homeless of Greater Nashville area - basic supplies from Home Street Home
Recommended Camping Gear for Kids in A tent in the Desert ?
Places to.. eat?
Y'know, one of the things that bug me the most about this life...
What is the strongest best tent for a single parent and 3 kids? I am looking to stay mobile, and have a bike and trailer Id like to cover.
Please!!!!
My mom told me to fuck off, so off I fucked, but now myself I have fucked.
Horrified with rent costs, thinking on being homeless or dwelling in a VW bus (xpost /vandwellers /simpleliving /homeless /frugal)
Hi everyone
Kinda stuck
Disabled and homeless
I'm giving this a shot..
Amazon & Bezos Screw Homeless In Seattle
Thought I'd post my story I'm only including the interesting parts
For a friend, she is not homeless but without a refrigerator for food
25 yo Transwoman about to be homeless Northern Colorado, need advice
This is a update turns out my landlord is a lying fucking bitch read below
Homeless but NOT giving up!!
Please share this video. More people should see this!
Living out of a car for the rest of college. Anyone done the same?
22 male, advice about homelessness in Los Angeles
Making a website, could use some ideas on directions to take.
Hi, looking to interview people that have been homeless to get their perspective.
Dept of Social Services is a joke
5-10 minute survey for veterans who have experienced homelessness - Enter for $50 Visa gift card
About to be homeless or couch surfing, what to do with cat?
Meditation retreat
We took in a homeless lady a year ago but we are moving...help!
Have kids, have spouse, have job....scared shitless
What do you think we should do ? Me and my gf have a new borm on the way and will soon be homeless in 4 days???
FYI: Confirmed Starbucks' Free-use Policy; You don't need to make a purchase to use Starbucks
If you have a car, uber straight up gives you a key to getting out of homelessness.
I think its safe to say having children is a significant cause of homelessness, child support is straight up robbery
I'm at a Chicago shelter and I want to leave because I'm having a panic attack.
Pets
Shocking moment smartly dressed man starts randomly KICKING homeless man in street
homeless as a daca recipient
where can I legally (permanently) park my car? any tips for sleeping in my car?
How do people from third world countries view homelessness in first world countries?
Having money and living in the city?
homeless in banff
Resources for peer support, alternatives to crisis lines.
Getting ready to Arrive in Reno Nevada Homeless Father of 3 ASD Kids from China
A mother of 4 homeless no where to turn
There is no meaningful safety net, its all a sham to make the middle class obedient.
Tip for the people new to this.
TRUST NO ONE
Drug dealers preying on homeless
About to get kicked out, what do I do with my (many) belongings?
Is homelessness increasing?
20f, homeless outside in LA- how do I not die?
Will be homeless in a few days and I have no idea what to do
18 yrsO, might be homeless tomorrow, no idea what to do
I'm gonna be kicked out in 9 days as of writing this. I have literally no life skills. What should I do?
Was homeless for nine years, I'm now homeless again
Top 10 Tips to Get Best Commercial Property Loan
Homeless tour bus
What kind of backpacks and other items would you recommend to start being homeless?
Long distance transportation assistance?
Is there good food at the Rescue Missions?
is it safe for a female to panhandle alone? can any women share their experience and advice? | 19 f ks
Keep finding low income housing... only one problem
What options are available for EU nationals in France?
Housed Working poor person, no longer scared of the homeless.
I don't get why homeless people don't just join the millitary or the police force
New Record- No Sleep for 3 nights
Desperate need of help. Any bit counts. Me and my 2 sister's are facing eviction because of someone's own selfishness. Anybody please help.
Spent ~3.5 months homeless so far..
Helping a homeless mans dream come true! EMOTIONAL!!
Homeless, suicidal, jobless mother
Homeless In Portland
Trying to help a homeless family in midcoast Maine...any feedback or suggestions welcome!
Donate to fund wedding of homeless couple. Link below, any amount would be much well received.
What Is A Boarding House Like? Please tell me details. Thank You!
I got raped and am not ok. I asked my spouse to stop.
I will be spending a day homeless in London city next week, can anyone help me with some suggestions for what to do?
Please explain to me what Transitional Living is, what the process is, and who qualifies. I may be homeless soon.
19 and homeless, what now?
For people that rely too heavily on weed to get that buzz of a “double espresso,” that mental clarity, relief, brain fog relief and empowerment. I got the same results from CBD Hemp oil only. Went clean overnight from 1.75 oz a month of skunk, no problems. 7 hours sleep, no anxieties, no depression.
18, homeless, and unemployed
Giving frozen water bottles to panhandlers, yes or no?
I'd Rather Die Than Work Menially, Rather Die Than be Homeless.
Living in car with Cat
So sick of this.
How can I help? (Question for homeless people)
Should I give money to a homeless person on the street?
Working mom of tot can’t afford an apt in ma.
Looking for a sugar daddy
Homelessness is a tragedy the U.S. can afford to fix
Mostly Homeless
Homeless in Eugene, Oregon, no ID, no address
Homeless with cats in the Pacific NW -need advice on what to do
I’m trying to change my situation but I can’t get help
How to get food, no food bank or pantry?
He slept in homeless shelters as a kid. Now he's going to Harvard on a full ride
I just got a job!
Anyone know gyms places in Massachusetts that let you store your personal belongings?
Anyone know a place where I can store my things while being homeless?
Stay in NYC or move to LA?
US Post Office refuses to issue me a PO Box because I can't furnish a verifiable "physical address"
I know how we can help the homeless by simply buying stuff from ebay
Just got kicked out of the house and now I’m homeless
Female in SoCal will be homeless tomorrow. No car, no shelters, no help.
Those who have been/are homeless - how can one help without seeming demeaning?
Need to help 80 years homeless woman living in a chair.
24 year old mother of 3, homeless in Texas.
Living Homeless in California: Finding Shelter -- Veterans Are Broke But Not Broken
sleeping outside tonight
Scared I could become homeless
what to do with revenge-rage on the streets...??
Can someone please introduce me to the homeless life ?
Can people stop telling us to go to a homeless shelter?
19, transgender, almost homeless; looking for help/advice
Almost Homeless, Seeking Short Term Rent
What city in the USA should we go to?
I want good stories about homeless people
I've spent years helping others, but no clue who to ask for help from
Pocket Puter -- A Resource for Homeless Individuals
family took me in...update on my situation
family took me in...update on my situation
roommate/aurora//
New Starbucks policy: No purchase needed to sit in cafes
Gotta call the homeless hotline next Friday
All out of options
Attorney General taking all my money
Predatory day labor practices?
My friend is homeless and needs a room! Please help!!
Was suggested to post here for help.
Soon to be homeless in the PNW have a little bit of money what to buy in preparation?
Got a job, of sorts.
We are all human
Homeless Without Car or Money?? Help???
Do you think going to prison is a good idea?
Homeless and living in my car on chemotherapy how?
Anywhere to find free soap/lotion in Toronto?
What cities provide the best resources and opportunities? US
a few ressources I used when I was homeless that allowed me to stay close to society rather than to live alongside it,
Whats the story in how you guys ended up homeless? What keeps you going in life? Suffering a bit from existentialism but cant complain much compared to you guys.
Homelessness Tips: Dumpster Diving
Just get a house
Thank you to the man in No. Hollywood park, I'm sorry.
Question about poisoning.
What is your homeless diet?
Robbed and assaulted last night
Starbucks' Howard Schultz: Our bathrooms are open to anyone who needs them
Legal implications of panhandling?
I'm a homeless teen and been for, for a year.
Where are the best places for a homeless person to stay if they have no friends or family to help out?
Anyone in pdx?
Homeless in San Jose?
Potentially homeless, where to go?
What to put in “blessing bags”
Advice needed
How To "Adult"
[advice] Just got robbed in the night... Horrible experience.
UK - Homeless Teens/Sofa Surfers- BBC Documentary
I have no place to stay no roof over my head at the moment...I could really use some help
mosquitoes (how do you guys deal with them)
Mother (60f) with bad credit without a home and out of options
Researching the meaning of home for homeless people. Looking for individuals for a digital 'interview'. If you have interest, please contact me.
Homeless Man. Mission and Third. San Francisco
Baltimore - My close friend needs help, he’s about to be homeless
single father homeless in florida
Market research on Homeless homes.
Homeless now Home Bound
How to get family of five out of homelessness?
Work in Los Angeles?
No car, no job, no money, no shelters near me
18 and homeless
Please help!!!!
Was homeless for 10+ years. AMA + observations!
Moments
[Requesting Assistance] Going to be homeless in a week. No friend can help me. Family lives too far away. No money. Got any tips?
Feral
Between this two options, What is better?: To be homeless or to be in jail?
Shouldn't there be more Mobile Outreach moving around out there?
For Homeless Young People in VA
Am wondering if anyone who is or was homeless would be open to an interview for a school project.
The other favorite song.
I've recently found myself (20F) homeless. No options, no idea what to do.
Walking around in hotels
Help me out during these rough times
What to do with $900?
Recommendations on Building a Bike for a Homeless Man
Do any of you work out?
Can We Move in With You
A legit free cellphone service
If you're in upstate NY and need a safe and free place to lay your head, well your in luck friend.
I feel disadvantaged
vanlife ethnographic research paper for my anthropology class
May become voluntarily homeless, looking for advice.
Gutter punk - Wikipedia
Homelessness has taught me that people are full of crap
What are the best cities to be homeless in?
Black-Owned Restaurant in Dallas Reserves Mondays to Serve the Homeless
What are your thoughts on Housing First?
What is a "Turning Point"?? Are they religious??
Homeless for the night until paycheck goes through at 230
Engineering Student Here—What Are Some Problems Facing the Homeless Population/What Things Might Be Useful to Be Designed for People Who Are Homeless?
What is the best meal you've come up with via dumpster diving?
Blog - Being homeless and living in a car
Sleeping in the car = "jumping jack leg"
How much does Vegas Rescue Mission ACTUALLY help people? What are they willing to do for you
Not one of you has ever walked a path like this.
How Do I Tell Them???
New figures reveal how government is failing the homeless- only 5 percent of rough sleepers identified through flagship programme ended up in accommodation.
All or nothing
Big list of popular busking songs
Become a mystery shopper for $ and free food
met hmeless mother of three
Within a month I am going to be homeless. I suffer from a mental illness and have trouble keeping a job. I need some advice of things I'll need to prepare to survive in rural area without a home and vehicle.
What to do with a whole bag of usable but single socks
Advice on how some poor uni students can help? (UK)
As of today, I'm choosing to live out of my car in SoCal, probably for the next 3-4 years. I have a plan, but some questions.
Giving Up
Blacksmith trying to help
How the fuck do you make money without begging?
Can you change your name at Vegas Rescue Mission?
YouTuber faces jail for video forcing homeless man to eat toothpaste-filled Oreos. Then he tries to buy his silence for 300 euros.
Almost homeless again
Legal residence with mail service?
This NJ town allowed an iconic homeless camp to stay on town-owned property. Now, two years later, they're selling it for $1.3M.
just spreading the message
Knock on the window, should I worry?
Suing city police for harrassment
Please help my friend
Homeless Kids 1st Time Eating Jollibee - Philippines
You get the best wifi connection in the weirdest places. Chilling under the stadium looking shady as fuck cause i got them barssss lol
This mom was homeless in Hollywood and just got a role in "How to get aw...
Can you get away with taking naps in private establishments if you buy something?
If someone had absolutely nothing but the clothes on their back and they are a U.S. citizen, how do they obtain birth certificate or state identification?
Still homeless and crazy haha
As anyone ever attempted to live out of a storage unit?
Years of chronic homelessness to SF Bay Area software engineer.. offering advice, help, possible opportunities..
Advice for helping my homeless brother-in-law in Rancho Cucamonga area
New YouTube Channel - Helping the Homeless - Help me reach 1,000 subs and to my goal to do this Full Time : )
Best options?
Do you have a community that's looking out for you or helping to take care of each other?
Minnesota Spring
Is there a particularly okay city to go homeless in WA state?
Homelessness Survey
Adios, streets!
Homeless supervisor in public places
How can I best help local homeless people?
Homeless, Carless, Jobless, Moneyless and No Help.. What to Do?
No longer homeless.
Where should I go? Located near Galveston, TX and out of time reasons to stay. I'm thinking of dying in the woods somewhere, well, not on purpose but can't imagine things will get better.
Buena Vista Horace Mann may convert its gym to an overnight shelter for students and their families who don’t have safe or stable housing
Should I drop out of college and become homeless?
Have been homeless since December have decided to become an identity thief to get out of this but I'm probably going to end up in jail after what happened today
The Unexpected Reason Panhandling Bans Are Being Struck Down Across the Country
Becoming Homeless by choice?
The Wim Hof Method ( the Iceman of the Netherlands ) to support you through any situation - for free and easy,
Where to go from here
Period Poverty is real. Violence against homeless women is real. Help these unheard women raise their voice.
Ideas to get the homeless the help needed
In 83 Million Eviction Records, a Sweeping and Intimate New Look at Housing in America
My friend is going to be homeless soon and I don't know what can be done.
Any advice on being evicted soon from apartment?
Living in Office and Bad Credit
Holdover Eviction; Housing Voucher; Good Health
If you are 18-24 and want job training, a place to stay, and a stipend check out Job Corps, a federally funded program to help young people
A video that speaks of homelessness in a movie : "The Florida Project Should've Been Nominated" by the Nerdwriter,
I need help URGENT!!!!
I planing become be hobo so what I do?
Homeless and just need someone to tell
Help a brother break into a new career
22 M pretty much homeless soon..
War on Homelessness
Wim Hof Method ( simple and free )- how this supported me
Judge threatens to bar O.C. from enforcing anti-camping laws if it can't shelter homeless
Living out of my car for now. Hopeful, but not without my doubts.
[Update]Now officially homeless...But not for long :)
Free food if you can get to a Buca!
Do people in your real life know your homeless?
Anyone want spaghetti with meat sauce from a restaurant that feeds 3-4 for free?
What are good conversations to make?
Come Join reddits april fools expierement, r/CircleOfTrust. Details in text..
Come join reddit's april fools experiment! Details in text..
[Question] Can I donate crappy sunglasses to the homeless?
Thank you for the assumptions!
[deleted by user]
Recently became homeless (short synopsis)
Facebook discriminating against the homeless and taking food fron their mouths!
SD County homeless student count reaches record high. How real are the numbers?
I'm about to become homeless, what should I pack? And do you have any other advice for me?
How do you move while homeless?
Internet access is quietly changing Seattle’s tent cities
Am I the only one worried about the homeless in San Diego
Looking for places to contact about paying for hotel room
Being Homeless Is Battle That Must Be Won With Your Own Mind.
Need everyones experiences with Rescue Missions? Pro's and Con's. What legit and what's bullshit? Thank You.
Questions About Rescue Missions Rules
homeless, pregnant, on top of that I’m only 17
Out of Prison Homeless
Hundreds of meals given out
Homeless In Walmart's Parking Lot
Food
Got a free hammock and queen sized sleeping bag, so we don't have to sleep on the ground anymore :)
If I can't Remove Ignorance, Stereotypes, Stigmas and The Other Ailments Affecting The Homeless I Hope To Inspire
Random acts
Orange County likely to scrap homeless plan, creating a new political crisis
My friend is newly car/motel homeless-what food should I get him?
A Foster Care System for the Homeless Could Ease the Housing Crisis
Interesting article about the plight of homeless teenage and young adult trannies
HOMELESSNESS
https://www.cnbc.com/2017/10/31/this-harvard-study-reveals-how-you-can-be-happier-and-more-successful.html
England's 'Homelessness Reduction Act' will become law next week
Its looking like I have two weeks until I will be homeless.
Showering at gym Qs
Tonight will be my first time being homeless
Does anyone like this page on Facebook?
One of thousands of stories on my past efforts and why I make them. Join me on my most recent/upcoming effort that is worldwide and will set world records.
Thinking about buying a van and living in it. Does anyone have any advice?
How do you live in your car with a dog? Advice?
What This 99 Year Old Lady Does For Children In Africa Will Move You To Tears.
Desperate for advice. My parents are kicking me out in 2.5 months.... I start grad school in May.
Off to the woods to cut my hair.
i am giving up
Video Illustrating Times I Experiences During Homelessness With Collective Soul Playing The Sound Track To The Pictures.
I have a plan, just no support
I failed myself and my supporters.
Sleeping in a 24 hour IHOP?
Family and I Without a Home in Orlando, Florida.
I was just given a gift by our creator
My situation. Please no nasty comments. I can't handle that right now.
Finland's homeless crisis nearly solved. How? By giving homes to all who need.
A very important update from the homeless couple that are not giving up.
Tried using supercook.com to come up with a meal idea.. I have: Sugar, cheerios, peaches& corn flakes. Does anyone know how to cook hummingbird?!
How do homeless shelters work?
Homeless in a tent with my wife and daughter.
What are the most homeless friendly cities/towns in New Zealand?
Homeless Student in Denmark
Homeless in Denver , my PayPal is paypal.me/pliebler123 of you can help with $$ to eat
[NJ] Psych ward instead of homeless shelter?
I want to die
Help me to be homeless?
When you tell people you're about to hike the Appalachian Trail, they give you hugs (well, this one lady did - it was so nice). It's astonishing how small things can affect the psychology that goes into how folks view the homeless
Dude is homeless in Asheville, NC, needs immediate help.
Toying aeound with a small side project: taking old phones with wifi capability and programming them for homeless people (with charging cables amd earbuds.) What apps would be best?
i have a macbook pro to my name and nothing else
I GOT THE JOB
Being Told I have to Leave Homeless Shelter/Motel
Being Told I have to Leave Homeless Shelter/Motel
"The perception of reality is only in the eye of the beholder"
Social Service Denial Of Essential Services - Elder Abuse and Human Rights Violations.
Trying To Adjust, Life After Years On The Streets
Still not giving up! An update
Helping the homeless — a haircut at a time
I became a truck driver when I was facing homelessness.
Finally got some money together for somewhere to live.
Help: Newly Homeless Software Engineer (w/Social Anxiety) Professional Needs Advice
How do I interact with homeless people?
Freezing nights in a van are not fun.
My advice to anyone beginning their homeless adventure.
Vignette
Going to be homeless tomorrow for 48 hours. Advice?
looking for work online
Bait and Switch
Giving a bag of stuff to a homeless person - what items?
Homeless DC
Why is government determined
I have a friend on the other side of the country who is homeless. How can I help him?
It would be really appreciated if anyone here could fill out this survey about shelters for my class, it's only 6 question so it wouldn't take long and is a big help.
Lost my job again fml
Going insane with boredom
Well. About to be homeless again.
advice and help needed homeless and wanting to give university another try
Seeking Advice and Perspective
A different perspective
HOMELESS MAN DISCRIMINATION AT MCDONALDS!!!!
Lunch With Bums!
The Gubbio Project in San Francisco: A safe place to sleep during the day
Something I tripped over in r/pics: The Gubbio Project provides SF houseless guests with daily provisions, supplies, and chaplaincy necessary for those living on the streets.
If you are in the UK
Homeless with Dog in washington
Utah USA Looking for resources
Hi all, not homeless, just feel really guilty about an encounter and looking for perspective
Signed up to reddit to ask for your help about homeless friend in L.A.
Desperate
Sleeping outside?
More Homeless Shelter Hell - Loud Music/Alcohol/Drugs
IS HOMELESSNESS A DIFFERENCE OR A INEQUALITY
[deleted by user]
Personal Storage
Does anyone else have difficulty breathing from waking up in their car?
How are homeless people treated around the world?
Universal Basic Income Cryptocurrency signup. Weekly distributions have begun.
Might be homeless at 17/18, what do I need to know?
Headed Back to the Streets...
Fingers crossed
Homeless Shelter Hell and the Mentally ILL
I hope this essay might help some of you out or at least give you a way to cope with your situation
Is this a viable plan? Doing a prepped for homelessness
our group of volunteers have created brightertomorrowmap.com as a place to list all the free resources available locally for those struggling through difficult times. i thought you guys would know many things that should be on there
Can Million Dollar Ideas Come To The Homeless?
Judge declares man's truck 'his home' in ruling that could affect hundreds of homeless people
Homeless people why do you stay on the streets instead of going to shelters?
Saw this on r/Survival. Thought it would be helpful here.
Fight another day
Safe place to spend the night and charge up as a teen?
My brother is newly homeless in North Hollywood, Ca and I’m looking for resources to direct him to for help.
"Pay it forward vending machine for homeless individuals" Student Project Survey
HomelessTN
Student Project about helping the homeless
Free Chick-Fil-A Breakfast this month (ATL, Charlotte, Cleveland, Akron, Canton, Pgh, St Louis, Tampa only)
Best way to help a homeless person financially?
I've been homeless for most of the last 6 years, suffering from PTSD. I'm just trying to get my vehicle running so I have some shelter to stay in, and can finally get out of this bad situation.
18F parents kicking me out, not a citizen
Cassandra Strikes Again
The simple life
In all seriousness I'm wondering what the death count has been this past month.
Soon to be homeless because of Fema tsa
Homelessness research project help!
Where can I fill up my water bottle?
Just wondering, what do you guys do for money?
I got a job today!
I'm homeless and vlogging let's get to know each other!!!
Gonna be homeless soon. Anyone wanna talk/partner?
Las Vegas Isn’t Clearing its Homeless Encampment — It’s Making it Permanent
Las Vegas Isn’t Clearing its Homeless Encampment -- It’s Making it Permanent
How to prevent theft at night?
[USA] - Are there any banks that don’t require a permanent address?
Frustrated
Salvation Army Shelter?
If you don't know about 211 you need to.
Link to cheapest US states to rent
General tips for living out of your car
what to do about mail?
"A lot of people choose to be homeless"
Threat of homelessness in GA
'It's a jungle out there': Sleeping rough in the City of Lights | France 24
Might be homeless in a bit; any tips?
Homeless/abusive relationship/17f turning 18 soon
What items do the homeless need most?
Scared of becoming homeless.
Help reddit
Anonymous survey for individuals who have previously, or are currently, experiencing homelessness while attending college.
Homeless in homestead, fl
Homeless in Houston- looking to visit family and friends
HUMANISING THE HOMELESS in VR is Terrifying yet Thought Provoking.
Knights of Columbus steps, Capitol Hill, Seattle.
Does anyone want free Dulce De Leche Crunch Pancakes from Denny's? 2 available
We found a Homless mans lair in an abandoned Building!!!!!😱😱😱 18/02/2018
Sexist Bullies and Their Enablers
2 weeks and it's over for me
I make $15 an hour in hawaii and it isn't enough.
Dad in prison for violent crime, mom has arrest warrant out for putting credit cards in my name. Homeless. I think I died and went to hell.
Best City to be homeless in Canada. 2018
Young homeless people?
Being homeless = acquiring wisdom
Homeless in Dover NH
Pay to sit park bench (crosspost from /r/asshole design)
I have $20 to spend and a backpack to fill with things that would help a homeless person. What should I put in it?
Which countries are innovative in helping homeless people getting off the street?
Counting the homeless on the streets of Paris
Homeless in London
Anybody know of any resources/ places that teach adults basic life skills? I grew up with bad parents and now have no life skills. All help is much appreciated! Thank You!
What's it like to be homeless in Fresno, Ca?
First two months. It'd never happen to me!
For congress.
Croydon Corportation (Council) ONE BIG SHILL
It has been so long since any of us have had something worth fighting for. #MAGA
Get a $10 Walmart Promo Credit For You & We will donate $10 to a Homeless shelter.
Get a $10 Walmart Promo Credit for you & will donate a $10 to the homeless shelter
Healthcare
What are the pro's and con's of being homeless in the following cities? Thank You.
My first and probably last post on Reddit...
Update on 7 month pregnant working and homless in california
Be The Change | Homeless Video
(Sweden) My friend is emotionally disabled, suicidal, and soon to be homeless
What common complaints do you have when going through the process of getting housing? Are there any processes that could be improved?
Are Sanctioned Homeless Camps part of a solution for Vancouvers Homelessness Problem - YouTube
Going to a shelter
France: Young migrants brave Paris winter alone | France 24
Homeless shelters in Atlanta
Need short-term assistance in Los Angeles
Stumbled on this link about Toronto homeless. Real or fake?
i'm not homeless anymore
Unstoppable Homelessness Meets Unmovable Disability
This is What Happened
Homeless men are being gunned down on the street in Las Vegas
Robber Barron's to allow the needy to pick Free fruit and foods rather than be greedy fat cats and allow it to go to waste would be a Great Headline to read
Panning for cryptos/cash.. I hear BART is a good place to try.
Possibly going to be homeless temporarily. Need advice.
Seriously?
[SERIOUS] Child support and homeless
Tomorrow i will be living in my car.
Tomorrow i will be living in my car.
The shower in my friends house is lovely,! First shower in 5 year!
This is Why, Honey.
WATCH HOW THIS HOMELESS MAN CHANGED MY LIFE WITH ONE SONG
About to be homeless in Chicago
Homeless men are being gunned down on the street in Las Vegas
going be moving
Homeless elderly man with cancer
BEST homeless camp in the country: WalMart parking lot in Flagstaff Arizona (free food/15 dollars daily)
How can a shelter do this? Is it legal?
Gonna be homeless? I have some suggestions for you!
disabled and homeless... is there no way out?
"Calais Jungle: Police try to stop new camp forming", including bits on a 'Fixation Point' and the drive for basic needs | BBC News
Found outside my apartment
Living in my car isn't too bad, to be honest.
Enough to break a man
What do you guys think of people that let homeless people have room and board in exchange for chores or house work?
About to become homeless... All I need to do is get a license and I will at least have a vehicle to live in - I don't know anyone though and have no vehicle to take the test in..
My mom just kicked me and my gf out.
i'm scared and extremely distressed
ALL THE DIRECTIONS ARE OURS!
Need help in Dallas
Need help in Dallas, Texas.
Living in fear
Day 3
Is it possible to eat healthy?
A Visual Guide to Homelessness in America
George lives on the streets of London, and everyday tirelessly cleans the canals in a bid to reduce the pollution in our water ways. The film touches upon homelessness, veganism and plastic pollution. Please watch, and if you can, a donation would be hugely appreciated! Thank you
Bussed out: how America moves thousands of homeless people around the country | US news
On even of homeless count, Oregon DOT clears homeless camp
Living in a Ford Taurus Tips
Point in Time Count and hurricane evacuees?
Concerned for my ex and I want to help how I can
Homeless in Newport: a documentary about the homeless crisis in Newport, Oregon and the housing problems the Oregon coast faces.
What does affordable housing mean, specifically?
We Are People Project (working title)
Super Bowl Cities Need To End The Ugly Tendency To Hide Their Homeless
Can anyone suggest a non-religious homeless organization I can donate my birthday to via FB?
Interview today!
Homeless Family trying to get back on their feet
Kendall County community gives generously to PADS
Honest Question
ホームレスは生活保護を申請できない？なぜ生活保護を受けられない？
ホームレスに炊き出しするのはなぜ？ボランティアの意義・必要性は？
Un-built land question
Homeless Stamina
Why won't states let people build and camp on their own land? What can we do to change this?
St. Vincent de Paul
Homelessness and engineering
First homeless, than on suicide watch
Homeless man died 'days after council took his sleeping bag away'
looking for advice from people in a difficult situation
Ever try sleeping in a tree? Whats it like? No I aint kidding
Advice; My friend just became homeless?
Many places offer free food for signing up. Here are some.
Homelessness hits record high in the UK | Al Jazeera
Staying mentally strong when homeless?
Care package ideas
things are getting better
What to do about police harassing people?
Poland's homeless go underground to survive deep freeze
Turning down food?
I have made several guides to help you understand and survive homelessness.
イケメンすぎるホームレスのその後！台湾や韓国・中国で目撃情報？
What are some options or things I can do? (About to be homeless)
Trying to put together advice for newly homeless.
#THEHELPINGHANDCHALLENGE - Helping The Homeless
Raising The Anchor and Letting Go
things gotten worse
Random Act of Kindness Paying for Gas and Helping the Homeless
Kendall County community gives generously to PADS
I'm going homeless intentionally... again.
I hate when people who Judge the Homeless people who are trying to Survive.
Sleep without a bed?
A Fastrip in Bakersfield, CA says they no longer service homeless people.
Instagram...
Helping our homeless friend get some wheels after a car hit him.
This homeless man came to Seattle's Tent City 5 to find a home.
Things to Do Before and When I Hit The Street
Jury Convicts 3 Denver Homeless of Violating Camping Ban
Needing advice
[deleted by user]
I'd like to help
How do you get along with your local librarian?
Boxes
Name suggestions for a homelessness podcast?
Where do you all hang?
Showering/wash up option maybe overlooked
What's a word for someone that isn't homeless?
In Addition to Socks..
Dignity Harbor: A Home Away from Homeless (2013) - An in depth, incredibly insightful look inside a massive homeless encampment in Downtown St. Louis over the course of three years with an ending twist that will leave you thinking.
Not looking good
"Contagious" a- plea for compassion for the homeless
Brooklyn Plans To Roll Out Mobile Shower Service For The Homeless
16 and semi homeless, what do?
[Update] Finally out, but hopefully looking up from here!
I really hate homeless people!
What's one thing you wish more people understood about homelessness?
California Volunteers Share Food With The Homeless, Get Arrested By Police
26 y/o NEET goes homeless?
My family is homeless
Newly homeless
Calais: Still a draw for migrants | France 24
Use financial aid for housing?
What kind of food is good to stock up on while living in your car?
Homeless in the suburbs
My first day being homeless in 3 years. Cheers to an upwards path.
Please help us put the homeless into homes!
Need advice
So tired of being let down...
My fight is leaving
Here's some knowledge from a homeless guy I met in corpus Christi
Going to be homeless at 17, any tips?
I'll be homeless soon and I'm thinking about building a small cabin in the woods.
Drivers license issue, need help.
Woman describes how she ended up homeless for much of her life through no fault of her own
Homeless man $21,000 in DONATIONS Stolen by a famous YOUTUBER ( Allegedly )
how to fix the ever rising homeless situation in america???
Complaints of syringes and feces rise dramatically in SF
Would a communal meal be a welcome alternative to handing out sandwiches?
Why does society criminalize things that homeless people must do to survive?
Guy I used to know is now homeless. Living at my place for the night, after his family rejected him...
The Redemption of Thomas Gordon - Part V
Helping the Homeless Christmas Eve 2017 NYC
which city has the biggest homeless population?
As a homeless woman I really want the following
Covenant House Sleep Out Raises $226,200 for Homeless Young People
I found a new GoFundMe I’ll be donating to once I get pod Friday but I figured anyone in this thread who could help this dude out would be awesome. Read his story and ask questions.
Last month, my mom told me that I need to know if I’m going away for college or not and told me if I wasn’t going away, she is kicking me out when I turn 18 (this month).
Homeless
Charity uses boxing and community service to change the lives of homeless, gang-involved youth
[Meta] We've made some improvements to this sub. Now it's time to offer suggestions!
I just want to give back what I owe.
One Chicago hospital found that paying rent for homeless patients who frequent the ER improves health and saves money.
Need Help ASAP
Emergency
Homeless male starting substitute teaching in maryland. Requesting assistance
Just wanted to say thank you!
Cold comfort: U.S. homeless shelters overwhelmed in brutal weather
Going (Sorta) Homeless Starting February - Help Required
How to get a disabled elderly homeless person into a nursing home?
We have got to end the mistreatment of homeless people.
This homeless couple lives in a shed. They just found out she's pregnant with twins.
Enjoying the merry go round called life.
Chicago police commonly confiscate and throw away the tents of the homeless
Free ride to work!
Homeless people with blepharitis, how do you treat it?
The best 7 years (of Homelessness) of my life.
Funny Homeless Guy Story
Civic Tech: Shelter funding and Toronto’s manufactured crisis (x-post from /r/Toronto)
Feedback requested on an idea.
Resources for Family Homelessness? (NY, Rockland/Westchester Counties)
My friends and I went around downtown Vancouver and give free socks to the homeless people early afternoon on Christmas Eve. We received some appreciations, some racism, and some rejections...
Are the cost covered?
Best friend is homeless.
I'm 25 and debt free:)
In retrospect homelessness actually helped me get over some social anxiety.
[general information] How do you get mail?
Homeless with 5 Month Old
Sleep during the day (night shift work)
Are all homeless people mentally unstable?
Homeless Burn Victims in CA Wildfire
Housing
Advice/Suggestions (I just gave money to someone)
Lauren's Story
Update on situation
Poor people cursed?
I'm 25 and on the verge of being homeless, what are my options?
What to do if you're cited for being homeless - from the SF Coalition on Homelessness
A village is born
I live in Arizona and recently became homeless. Still have my car though. Where is it legal to sleep in your car without the cops bothering you?
22/m in Texas panhandle about to be homeless
Movies that do a good job representing the reality of homelessness?
Poor People's Campaign
One of my friends is being a jerk all of a sudden?
Feeding The Homeless In Glasgow
How do you feel about housing first?
Mentally Ill and considering Homelessness
I started a series about a hobo who has a video game addiction. Check it out it's called The Welfare Gamer lol
Homeless people are lazy
https://www.littlelives.org.uk/charity-shop/tooting-broadway/
behavior towards homeless people pisses me off.
A shelter isn’t an option.
Discrimination in hospital visitation?
A Survival Guide for Homeless Folks, by a Formerly Homeless Person
Donating 100 Care Packages to the Homeless
Question about leaving home to another state (TX to OK)
Merry Christmas you beautiful fools!
Homless for Christmas
Can the police help me find a place to stay?
[UK] Homeless since 22nd - Need advice since I'm struggling
If you've been homeless before, what happened?
#Legalize #Survival FIRST pod-cast. Sounds interesting. NOT #Illegal2BHomeless
Conspiracy Productions - The Homeless Official Music Video Truth Hiphop Facts SBTV
Does it ever end?
Should we help the homeless?
Survivors of Britain's Grenfell inferno homeless for Xmas
Homeless violin expert
Rollin' With The Flow In The Christmas Spirit
A Message to The Homeless ( A poem I wrote. Excuse the bad English)
Socks! Socks! Socks!
My narcissistic boss has been promising me raises “on the next paycheck” for 6 weeks. He now owes me $2.50/hr in pay increases, and I don’t know how to handle this. I can’t afford to keep commuting super far to work, but I don’t want to transfer before I get my raise, obviously. Any advice?
Great film project bringing light to homeless issues. They need help funding the film and money goes to helping homelessness.
Please Read This
Seeking advice on a food donation.
My Dad Wrote A Book About Interviewing The Homeless In Detroit
I am doing a school project about homelessness.
Good places to park car at night where cops won't nose around?
STARTUP IN INDIA BUILDS AFFORDABLE HOMES OUT OF RECYCLED PLASTIC
How hard is it to keep your belongings if your homeless?
Best City for Homeless~ for JOBS/ Rebuilding Your Life? Labor/ semi-skilled, w possible Daytime Storage Options?
How to help homeless people aside from giving money?
Tips on being homeless in the Seattle area?
How can I fake proof of address to donate plasma?
The mall is depressing
Emotional Homeless People talking about life on the streets in Christchurch
AMAZING AND INSPIRING DANCE VIDEO ABOUT THE HOMELESS
Finally off the steeets!
Homeless
Animal shelter faces backlash after using robot to scare off homeless
Homeless living in car and wrecked my car today
Life comes at you fast
A solution to the problem of housing for homeless people in New York came out of three-dimensional printers
homeless(aurora, illinois) 20 age
How to help someone with a pet?
Dying is the only way out?
Mail issue
Homeless, Palm Desert, CA
First aid?
Katie Quackenbush shot an unarmed homeless man twice after he asked her to turn the music down in her SUV. Her lawyer and father is now paying people for information to smear the man in order to get her off of the hook.
Help me spend this money wisely
Going to be homeless in a few weeks. Need some advice.
For those who aren't Homeless
Homeless in Orange County California
Homelessness in 377 Seconds
Has anyone else's family taken a steaming dump on them once they found out you're homeless?
Please Fill out this survey, This could help homeless people
Phoenix
#HomelessEcoVille's web site is back up and running. Donations are welcome
Standing up to the corp controlled government!
This is it for me. Officially homeless.
The isolation is taking a toll.
Miami's camp for convicted sex offenders | France 24
It's freezing in WI and my friend and his wife are about to be homeless. I don't know what to do, guys.
The Redemption of Thomas Gordon - Part III
Homeless counts by county
Have you tried it?
I feel pathetic doing this, but can anyone please help me pay to have a boot removed from my car? I’ve been living in my car all semester, and I’ve worked hard enough to earn A’s in my classes. My school booted my car, and they’re going to tow it by 6 pm tonight if I don’t pay them in full.
About to be homeless in the northeast... tips/advice?
what's the deal with homeless people?
Been living in my car for 2 months now
I'm petrified about how to "transition" into homelessness and need some tips.
This Could Be You, Please Help and Donate!
Help plz
Homeless tomorrow - where can I go?
I [M29] got into a fight with my parents [M60] [F55] and they are planning to kick me out around the age of 30 from their house. This is crazy! I have never lived on my own, never had a job. I also have aspergers and PTSD. What advice do you have?
[San Diego's first large homeless tent set to open Friday](http://www.sandiegouniontribune.com/news/homelessness/sd-me-tent-opening-20171130-story.html)
risks of squatting
Need advice for Christmas presents
Homeless at 18
So it begins
Building self worth is the second in a three-pronged approach to help the homeless.
We must start fighting the battle of ideas
This is a story of a tent city like many tent cities in America
Thinking of being voluntarily homeless
For the homeless people who beg on the street, what is the best thing to give them? What do they need the most?
I want to help the fight against homelessness. And I'd love to gain some insight from homeless people all over the place.
What's the deal with homeless people?
Any good shelters in Atlanta?
What's the deal with homeless people?
One free Straight Talk wireless card (Non-smartphone/BYOP)
Homeless with Family
Student homelessness
About to be homeless in 3 days
Holiday Gifts for Street Homeless in NYC
[Discussion] My friend and I gave out sandwiches to the homeless on thanksgiving. What other items would be good to give out next time?
The Great Escape (2017 Short Film)
Hoping to start a project with the homeless in Pensacola, FL. Any advice?
Homelessness Sets New Records
Rapper Jahan Nostra Addresses Youth Homelessness in New Video “Embrace The Rain
Older male facing homeless in Riverside soon
Is It Time to Bring Back the Boarding House? -- Housing models that have long been banned in American cities could help make them affordable again.
I’m planning to stay at a shelter. what do I need to know? what are they like? if I have a car will I still be able to stay there?
Question about new socks and shoes for a tent dweller.
What do we need to know before we go into this?
Have car,job, freezing temps
Homless but have vehicle.
YO NYC IS SHOTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT
LA Times: Homeless Problem in Malibu
Texas: Hurricane Harvey victims homeless on Thanksgiving | Al Jazeera
Looking the part?
Former RadioShack employees?
Just realized something. I have “friends” who self-aggrandize endlessly about their tiny contributions to the community (you’d never hear the end of it) and those are the same ones who *ignore* you when you ask them if you can—on one occasion—do your laundry at their place or sleep on their...
Homeless on Thanksgiving, staying in girlfriends Car
Family Guide To Thanksgiving Volunteering
Woman raises more than $60K for homeless man who helped her
Homeless Videos
Lancaster pa
I think I'm about to be homeless.
How does this make you feel? I am beyond myself trying to figure out how these people think...
Collingwood teen gets worldwide acclaim for homeless project
Homeless Search Terms?
Donate this 2017 winter holiday season to help someone in need
Does it ever get easier to deal with the way people treat you?
Tent City in Ohio Being Sued
Tips on the best way to get back on track?
Newbury Soup Kitchen - Supporting the Homeless and vulnerable of Newbury, Berkshire
I just took some food, chocolate bars, a wool hat and a book for a homeless dude but I forgot to put a note on the bag and he was asleep so I just put it in-front of him but I forgot to leave a note. He was in a busy area so I think he’ll wake soon. Do you think he’ll know it’s for him? whoops.
[offer] If you’re in Van Nuys and need to wash clothes or shower, come on over
Got a little inspired this morning so, please read and share.
New Study Finds That 4.2 Million Kids Experience Homelessness Each Year
Homeless Population
Homeless Population
Are panhandlers swindling us?
How Do I Start a Life in CA
Not sure if this is the optimal place to post this but any advice on keeping emergency sleeping bags dry?
[Update] I bought a phone to give to someone that was homeless.
Need to get away from parents as soon as I'm 18. I'm about to be 17. What can I do to make sure I'm ready?
Are panhandlers swindling us?
Suggestion for Homeless Care Packages (Michigan)
I think some of the homeless people are actually so intelligent, even if they seem crazy and talk alone , i sometimes like to listen to them more than to my playlist when on bus for example. I don’t understand how can they fall so much. Opinions?
My exgf was homeless and I took her in out of the kindness of my heart
Generous donations from around the world help to raise £5,000 in just three days for homeless man after business blocked his shelter with spiked chains
Not homeless..yet..closest I've ever come and what an eye opener
Louisville homeless man accused of stealing purse from woman who bought him lunch
The Housing First approach to homelessness-Lloyd Pendleton at TEDMED 2016
Eugene City Council Meeting: November 13, 2017
The boss who only hires the disadvantaged or homeless
Eastern Canadian Winters....
Irish Homelessness Answer?
Been homeless for year, close to getting my own place.
[Help] (ex post from r/Tennessee) Friend is homeless in California, but has had her birth certificate, social, and ID stolen. What are her options?
Thoughts and advice?
If you are homeless, get a gym membership at planet fitness. $10.00 a month for exercise, tv, and a bathroom plus shower.
Giving away Thanksgiving dinner
The Redemption Of Thomas Gordon - Part I | The Story Treasure Chest
Behind their eyes: The homeless of the US West Coast
Got my job and my car.
Received a fine/infraction for camping in McArthur park after the homeless were kicked out. What is the amount likely to be?
Ill be homeless for two month til I join the military. What do I do in the mean time?
Joe Roberts spent almost three years living homeless on Vancouver's Downtown Eastside. This past year, he walked over 9,000km across Canada to raise funds to end youth homelessness
Senior project: transcribing stories of homelessness.
Hello! Family member has a bunch of worn Men leather shoes (the toes are grey white when they should be black). I feel it may be wasteful to just throw them away; where should I take them? Goodwill I feel is not good because it is a business for profit. Other options?
Living out of my van for 432 days so far...AMA
Homeless commune
Can I Stay At Your Place For ONE NIGHT ? Pranks In India(2017)-- Saketh Koundinya
Need help passing the time
Mmmmm so I used to be homeless - no fun. See this is about rising above defeat. https://youtu.be/-NNoI0zshhY
Please help me not be homeless💜
I am homeless, need help surviving cold weather and bettering my situation
Looking for homeless college students for interview！！
Three years. Finally, fucking, DID IT
Just socks?
Life Inside the RVs of Silicon Valley
A Simple Way to Sleep in Any Car
what is her best move?
Getting kicked out tomorrow.
Prejudice towards the Homeless
Women with no kids, what are some good shelters you've been to?
So I'm homeless starting tomorrow. Best US cities to be homeless in?
Fate's irony, isn't it?
any halloween deals on food?
I'm going to have to face the reality that I might be homeless for a while next year
alright homeless in a few hours 19 and dutch what do i do?
Social Entrepreneur comes up with new invention for sleeping rough on the streets
Kicked out of the house at 20, need advice/ guidance. (My Story, Requesting Assistance)
Homeless Studnet
What should I do?
To the currently/former homeless folks, would one of these items have drastically changed your daily experience?
Help Battling the Cold Southern Winters
Homeless again tomorrow, camping
Do's and Dont's when on the street?
Help me brainstorm: How to do lightweight outreach
'I lost everything': Homeless man's distress heard in court as 'cruel' female yob, 23, who URINATED then helped a friend BURN his bedding is jailed for four months
If there was a publicly accessible shipping container "building," what would be the most useful features to build in it?
homeless people
NY/LI Room And Board
Homeless Mother needs help
Please advise. I have two days and $200 to help my homeless brother in Sacramento.
On my own, not sure what to do
My fiance and i worked our asses off from under a bridge with nothing, to living in our new car. Then i was offered this new gig.
Actor Luis Guzman goes undercover as a homeless man in "The NIMBY Experience" [TRAILER]. Very moving
Homeless Campground In San Diego Providing Lifeline For 40 Children
might be homless soon
Want to know what's going on in our city? Read more here.
Treating The Homeless With Dignity
HiHomie.org A UK homeless resource with generally useful info
Covenant house experiences
Pack to help you on your feet?
Tough old Ladies are my go to pick for cash street charity.
I dont know what to do. Help?
Seizing a high school diploma/python programming on SSI while homeless in SF Bay
Girl on the down and outs trying to rise up
Living in Car or RV
Affordable housing is making changes for Seattle’s homeless population
Would buying a prepaid phone and loading it with minutes for 3 months or so to give to someone that was homeless...help them?
The crazy journey of self induced madness.
A Challenge To Every Gun Channel & Gun Owners
What is the best tent that is at least somewhat rugged for semi long term use, for under <$200?
Bought a beer for a homeless man
Legality of sleeping in car?
Homeless In Pasadena PT 130 Friday The 13TH!
Homeless in 2 weeks
Looking for art made by homeless artists!
What are good organizations in salt lake city?
An Open Letter to the Cop Searching the Building I Squatted In
Any tips for a woman who's trying to leave an abusive husband.?
rap video teaching MetroCard scam in nyc
What should I do if I get kicked out at 18? Personal story
شاهد قبل الحذف مقطع مؤثر جدا
Homeless In Pasadena PT 127 Pasadena Homeless Getting Bad
I want to make some things for local homeless persons and would like input
Hey there RHomeless
10 10 17 Woody
how to deal with the intense emotions of destitution?
your Old laptop,pc still have enough life in them to power homes in slums
Homeless In Pasadena PT 125 Time With Friends
We want to build a platform to help homeless youths. We would love any help we can get!
There are no overnight emergency shelters for the homeless in Williamsburg, VA... except this one.
Landlord just told me I have to the end of the day to get out
Dog Food...
Video: two female yobs are seen laughing on CCTV as they set fire to a homeless man's possessions after one of them urinated on his bedding
Homeless In Pasadena PT 123 In Duarte, CA.
Healthy Boundaries Advice?
Video: Three boys help a homeless man
How do you sleep in a car comfortably?
California's deadly hepatitis A outbreak that disproportionately impacts the homeless could last years, official says
Homeless VS commit suicide
Homeless to Millionaire. Starting today. I'll be documenting this. Suggestions ?
US citizen homeless in Argentina
Can someone explain?
Almost free food with smartphone.
How can I heat the cabin of my SUV while sleeping?
'I gave sanctuary to homeless man ... a year later, he murdered my wife and son'
Louisville Man Leaves The Street-Life Behind But Returns To Feed 800 Homeless Every Month
Louisville Man Leaves The Street-Life Behind But Returns To Feed 800 Homeless Every Month
Homeless Winters
Close to being homeless - how are those who go through this so freaking strong?
Update: Now the moderators have banned me from r/fitness because I posted on THIS subreddit about them.
Mayor visits Barking soup kitchen...
I was spooked away from where I usually park at night and now I'm concerned I was being irrational. Please help.
How to deal with sickness when you're homeless
Tried holding a sign just to see what it was like. Only made $10. but I met Mariah Carey's boyfriend.
[Australia] Homeless and still love your pet? Pets of the Homeless will try and help you with food and vet care!
Hiring: Amazon, low entry barrier, great training opportunities
Will be officially homeless in a few days
Why can't homeless people just get a job?
Question about the police and street sleeping
Formerly Homeless and now producing Feature Film to address the reality of those living on the street.
Update: Got the job
Homeless of Reddit. Do you ask for money?
What happens when someone living in their car loses it to repossession?
About to be homeless for the first time, would appreciate any advice.
AMA I have been homeless many times
The "Real World"
Jail or prison as an option against sleeping on the street this winter ?
Ideal location in Los Angelas for someone who will be homeless for 2 weeks to a month?
Weird question for you all?
Are there any places that let you work/pay you and supply housing?
Advice
recently homeless
Landed an interview
Feel like I'm losing my friends
So I was researching "homeless-related" things in my local area.
Currently homeless and in the Bay Area. Looking for help.
Homeless People "Missing" From Downtown Salt Lake City
22 and living In my car
Attn NYC Homeless: Do a good deed, get a reward.
Making Documentary
Residency and homeless
Tips on keeping warm at night?
Kicked Out And Homeless
Officer finds homeless men celebrating for good reason
Ok, so let me ask a question...
Video About Homelessness In Portland Oregon. Very Sobering.
I was told to post my paintings here.
Survey: Problems resulting from lack of permanent mailing address
Tips on living in car for a few months
The Hope of the World Rests on the Shoulders of a Homeless Man
Temporary homeless and feeling terrified
Advice on finding a source of clean drinking water?
Stranded and homeless
where to charge electronic devices?
Hearing The Homeless Channel Launches On YouTube 💖
Approaching homelessness: two-way decision
A little help goes a long way!
FYI: Nil Income Form (UK)
homeless engineering student need advice
Why doesn't she get a job?
Homeless Solidarity
Anaheim's emergency declaration sets stage for removal of huge homeless encampment
Newly homeless in the East Bay
you try not to get real sick and then you do... and then wht?
Looking for homeless artists
I want to build a website that can help homeless people, what do?
Working hard on beating this. Payday is still a couple off days away..any suggestions on how i can get something to eat..im getting really hungry
Homeless in nashville and just got wifi access
Getting kicked out . Don't know what to do.
Police: Woman shoots homeless man who asked her to move Porsche SUV
50 Michigan high schools with the lowest SAT scores | MLive.com
Bad fight with BF in Denver- need to leave, seeking safe places to sleep as shelters are closed 😢
What would you talk about with a homeless person?
Not homeless, and I'm sure this question has been posed before: What places can I give money to that will best help the homeless?
A New Way to Give - In the Arms of St. Francis
How being homeless changed my life
Yo i feel bad for poor people what can i do?
Homeless Man on the Sand
About to be homeless in LA,CA
These Little Girls Need So Much Help, And The Girl Scouts Are Here To Save The Day
All homeless are a shitstain on society, and should be imprisoned.
Going to be homeless in Washington soon
Where to sleep outside in a tent?
MAKING HOMELESS PEOPLE HAPPY IN SAN FRANCISCO
In DC, how to register car with no address?
Ex-Muslims Dealing with Homelessness in UK — What to do?
Resources For People Enduring Homelessness In California
Need a place to crash for a week or two
Something major popped up and it could change my life!
19 and soon to be homeless NYC
Today, I have new flair: "Formerly Homeless"
21 and homeless in NYC
What sort of advice and tips should a lone homeless minor know about? Do you have any experience what it's like to be one?
What sort of advice would you give to a minor/youth living on their own? Do you have any experience what it's like to be one?
Way to make a few bucks with other peers on the streets. Start a Homeless Newsletter!
We can't do this anymore- seeking a place
An homeless man invades in someone's property ,and ask for food!
Homeless After Doing the Right Thing
I'm homeless, now what? Any helpful tips you guys can share with me?
Lost everything in Harvey trying to relocate.
Sheriff’s Releases Gruesome Video of Axe Attack at West Hollywood 7-Eleven
After being homeless for 2 years I'm finally going to have my own place at 19!
How to deal with staff at service providers being...... dysfunctional....
Where to clean out car?
I've been homeless for years but recently food has become scarce and I'm losing weight everyday, can I do push ups or something to maintain my weight, or am I fucked?
Homeless Advice Needed: Should I buy an RV?
Homeless in Japan Part 2: Who They Are
Homeless in Japan Part 1: Why they're Different from North America's
23, homeless, unable to think due to overwhelming anxiety bouts, so I turn to you. What should I do
I need some advice and insight
Respite Mission - In the Arms of St. Francis
Aluminium windows in Hyderabad|aluminium windows|Aluminium doors & windows in Hyderabad|sliding windows in Hyderabad - Active green windows.
when a homeless shelter is not an option
Loneliness
Any advice?
How long are you allowed to stay in a homeless shelter? And what's it like to live in a homeless shelter? How will they help you out?
Homeless Toronto Canada?
About to be homeless
what the fuck are we even supposed to do
21f about to be homeless in NYC, any advice welcome
Poverty, illness, homelessness - no wonder McDonald's UK workers are going on strike | Aditya Chakrabortty | Opinion
After 15 hepatitis deaths, San Diego County declares local health emergency
Should I feel bad for not giving beggars anything when they ask?
Going to be homeless. Please help
Where to hang out?
What do I do if I'm homeless without family or friends?
Homeless Hacks Daily 5 Tips Day 1
Homeless Hacks Youtube Channel
One chapter is closing and another one is beginning to write itself.
Might be homeless again
Sharing my Homeless Experience
Homeless with Kid and stranded. No one can help. What are my options?
Things people don't understand about being homeless
From MIT to homeless to successful tech founder
I'm gonna miss my dog so much
Here we go again
Homeless and in college
My son and I are going to be homeless in 2 weeks.
It's time I dragged myself out of this hole.
Does your put together appearance hurt or harm you?
HELP! How to write a story with homeless people in it?
A practical way to help the homeless find work and safety
Deadliest outbreak of hepatitis A in decades kills 14 in San Diego - the victims were homeless people
considering to become homeless,as I have schizophrenia.advice?
I'm homeless on August 30th and I don't know what to do
Late night surprise
How do I survive?
In need of some help , recently homeless with a sister and a cat
Sacramento, CA Might have to rough it for a while until I can find some housing.
Atlanta homeless wary as city closes its last-resort shelter
How do you guys even access the Internet?
when a death hits too close to home (less)
Song I wrote about a homeless friend who passed away
Someone's living in my van. Haven't spoken to them yet. Want to make sure any interaction goes well.
13 and soon to be homeless
What would you suggest for a backpack which is both durable and relatively cheap?
Homeless Solidarity Project
Soon to be homeless, need to know what to do
Don't bathe in a one-room public bathroom
Why don't bums know where to get weed?!
Looking to interview homeless college student.
I made a little movie about homelessness in Belgium. Hope you will find it interesting!
My recent death threat
Homelessness
My story of Miss Regina. Homeless woman in Houston.
Emotional wreck
From DV shelter to on the streets
A homeless person just asked me for money...
Walk A Mile in Roy's shoes. Homeless man in Houston Texas. Read his story.
Come walk a mile in these homeless mans shoes. Christopher explains living on the streets in Houston.
The king of kings!
A bad week.
If you are cute (applies to guys too), I'd let you live in my room. Any Takers?
Question: those who worked their way back into a steady job and life, did you still feel very separated from the people around you?
Where and when do homeless in london get meals?
My town has movies in the park at night in summer for homeless people I was wondering does any other states town do this
One Week as a Homeless Graduate
Few questions if you don't mind
Looking For Help
Where to donate clothes and items for the homeless?
Missing
What items to give to homeless men and women
Question for the homeless
HomelessEcoVille
I need advice
Do these two look the same?
I'm kind of enjoying being homeless
Help Feed Those In Need
**REMINDER** its hot and I know the homeless can sometimes be annoying however just remember they are still people!! **STAY HYDRATED**
Learning to Breathe Under Water at the St. Francis Shelter - In the Arms of St. Francis
Santa Ana Civic Center Encampment
19 year old female looking for place to stay
UK family found guilty of enslaving homeless and disabled people | Guardian
Homeless for 5 years and no end in sight
Homelessness in North California - Sharing Society Goals for 2017
Homelessness: It's About Race, Not Just Poverty
By completing this online survey you can help me improve my community outreach project for the local homeless population
Project Humanize / Photographer Janette Mochnacz aims to humanize the homeless
[question] How do the homeless hold on to their trailers or vehicles?
Cutting hair under the bridge
Those homeless, did you experience similar periods starting out?
I have become homeless
Rollin hard in the Boxtruck.
Attention Trolls of /r/Homeless: you are in the wrong subreddit. Join me in /r/HomelessEncampment were we put the "fun" in "insufficient funds"
It seems like I have to be on benefits to get help from my local council. I'm at risk of homelessness and don't know what to do? (London)
[Question] What gets you up each morning?
GIVING DIAMONDS TO THE HOMELESS
Have to build my home
Raise Awareness - Giving Back To The Poor And Homeless!
2 of 2
Does anybody think there's any truth to this? 1 of 2
Please help support "Prayers Go Up! Blessings Come Down" by Shirley Toussaint
Howrah India - Glue Huffing Lost Children Formed Their Own Community
BLESSING THOSE IN NEED! *STREETS OF NASHVILLE* 125 BURGERS/WATER
Night Of The Homeless People
Couldn't edit this or move it so I took a screenshot and deleted the post. I don't want to be stepping on anybody's toes here with spam so let me know if you want to see the next one?
Advice for being homeless in the desert
One time, Thomas was pushing me down the street in a shopping cart, I was drinking a handle of Black Velvet and the Policewoman laughed her ass off. A few months later I would later ask her for a ride home from the river, "Christopher, we have a call to respond to. Just walk."
Will become homeless soon need to know good places to sleep
homeless man eats 87 stickers in ally way
How to find a job in a city you have no residence/citizenship in?
Is anyone on here currently or formerly homeless in the Orlando area, or know someone who is/was? I'm writing a book that aims at telling the stories of homeless individuals and would love to talk--pm me if interested! Thank you and stay safe out there.
Freshly homeless but not helpless
Night Of The Homeless People
Has anyone here had 30+ homeless people come through their house over a 4 month period? Has anyone here had $20,000+ worth of shit stolen or given away to homeless in a 4 month period? Just curious.
-Sammy. This Motherfucker has the biggest heart of them all. How often do you get a broke homeless person to buy you coffee?
-Jimmy is in a wheelchair but he's slippery as a motherfucker. I got a soft spot for him though.
Angie- I got lucky to share my last drink with this little bit. 7/27/17 I think this is my fourth Birthday but who gives a fuck.
PERSONAL TALK WITH HOMELESS PEOPLE ABOUT THEIR LIVES
City with Highest Per Capita Homelessness Finally Approves Homeless Shelter Plan
Please help my family out of homelessness
Just Another Lost Cause
Advice on How to be Homeless
Homeless for 3 mo. going to the state building today.
Sydney homeless construct tent city with 24/7 security, free coffee and chef cooked meals.
Sydney homeless construct a tent city with 24/7 security, free coffee and chef cooked meals.
Biking over 900 miles. Homeless.
Recovering form homelessness
Help Please!! The baby girl is only 3 weeks old... God Bless all who help!
No title needed....
New life in NorthCounty San Diego
Bad idea? Suggestions or thoughts?
Hobo survival game
Deep Depression
Room for homeless females
Killing a BIG daddy long legs!
Toronto sucks
Going back to Ottawa Toronto sucks
Homeless (soon again), broke, in debt, losing hope
Arriving in America soon
Childhood ADHD predicts homelessness in adulthood.
A Close Friend Recently Became Homeless, and I am Seeking Advice and Assistance for Her
$150 bike camper: DIY micro mobile home (downloadable plans)
France: At least 12,000 evacuated from French Riviera over wildfires | France 24
I've been homeless an eighth of my life
Legal places to pitch a tent
What's the best place to be homeless on the east coast? I am faced with the possibility of being homeless.
r/uk suggested i post here. i spent 2 years with a team of volunteers building a map to help people homeless around the world
Which state would be the best to be homeless?
[Request] Help a family not to become homeless
Any good homeless shelters in Toronto?
Walking in the HIP mall
Rant about housing the homeless.
Last day till homeless
Where do you sleep in winter if you don't have a car?
The Health-Care Cost of Homelessness
Hundreds of homeless people to be removed from public, private land near Redmond
Might already get a job this week
Thought of an app, what do you guys think?
2 more day till homeless
U.K., 17, possibly looking at homelessness
Homeless in Hawaii-2017 Documentary
A Calm Sunday
(Washington) Going to be homeless in a week
Thought this to be indirectly related to homelessness. Found this podcast on human trafficking to be really interesting and really opened up the subject for those who know a lot about it as well as for those who aren’t too familiar.
3 more days till im homeless
Taking a new step in life tomorrow
At the Harlem Irving Plaza Mall
At the mall
Cleaning the flooded Room we stay in
Random homeless woman interaction. Feel weird about it. I also feel like an asshole.
Homeless / car-less / jobless in San Diego County - Some comments and questions
homeless discriminated
10 days until I'm homeless. Suggestions?
Being homeless sucks
Poverty in America Documentary 2017
Should you move if you're about to be homeless?
Might be homeless soon
What is Friendship?
"LA’s homelessness shows dramatic rise, as city and county struggle to contain problem" - KPCC Larry Mantle AirTalk - MP3 Audio
Finally have some money, still cannot get off the street
My friend Granny Has HIV, Stomach Cancer and No Home. Here's How She Finds Joy.
stop making excuses and work harder
I live in Fairfax County, I expect to need shelter soon. I have tried everything for years, I cannot solve my issue and must leave home.
Anyone homeless in Santa Ana?
Birthday flooding.....
Dental care while homeless?
The final part of my Birthday Vlog
Part 4 of my 22nd Birthday Vlog
Part three of my birthday Vlog
Part 2 of my 22nd birthday Vlog
The morning of my 22nd Birthday
Gunga Din and the Good Soil of St. Francis Shelter - In the Arms of St. Francis
Homeless Youth In Need Of Advice.
Where to Get Bacon, Eggs, Butter and Affordable, Quality Beef While Homeless
About to be homeless. Advice needed
While homelessness surges in Disneyland's shadow, Anaheim removes bus benches
Might be homeless at 17, advice and next steps much appreciated [Washington]
New dialysis patient facing homelessness
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LO_XmqAkwUI
This motherfucker
Good News!
Needs help to build dorms
There's No Place Called Home for the Evicted - Thoughts prompted by Evicted by Matthew Desmond
https://www.gofundme.com/4550n8o
Finding food in dumpsters and trash bins
Storage while homeless?
Taking a walk to Burger King with my mom
Food storage
While homelessness surges in Disneyland's shadow, Anaheim removes bus benches
Cute kittens from PetCo
What the Final Moments of Homeless People Can Teach Us
Homeless in Dana Point, Ca. Can anyone help me learn to code?
Berkeley's famous homeless hate man passes away at age 80
Which Berkeley homeless shelters usually have openings? Are any of the shelters any good?
Pulling Up Stakes Part 1
Threatened to kick me out, 20(M) New York, College student.
About to become homeless; advice?
Youtube Pays me every time my video gets viewed, and I give the $$ away to someone in need. What is the best way to give 200-400$ directly to the homeless community for next month?
Astonishing Waste on Homeless Programs by San Francisco
Middle Class Homelessness a trend? I have been hit by this and it is amazing how impossible it can be.
Update on our situation
Homeless come August 1st. Looking for some advice
So I have a question inside
Evening Meditation at the St. Francis Shelter - In the Arms of St. Francis
How to open a homeless shelter? Awe-Inspiring!
Taking Orlando's homeless policy on the road
DarkDays
Is homeless lifestyle for me?
Artist fits homeless people with tracking devices and puts them up for sale as 'real life Pokemon'
Why?
Does anyone know about the homeless youth shelters in NYC?
Life's been cancelled.
Thoughts on my situation?
I make these bundles to give to people I find on my commute - Tell me what helps the most.
Anyone been homeless in Salt Lake City?
I an elderly homeless. What can I do?
Where do you do for a safe place to sleep at night?
Up to 14% of community college students are homeless, new study says | Campus Life News for College Students
On teaching love, respect and compassion.
soon to be homeless again
The Daily Practice of Meditation at The St. Francis Shelter - In the Arms of St. Francis
Homeless Elderly
SF Bay Area or Coos Bay/Portland???
Anyone tried working out all night/showering at 24 hour gym, sleeping during days?
Please report and block the Facebook group "Hopeless with a Bicycle" for attacking homeless people and support groups
Food to get when you're homeless
Please help an elderly man out. A little goes a long way.
1 month homeless
Contemplating making myself homeless
Reddit I need your help. This was my cat Darth when I lost my home I gave him up to anti cruelty on March 25th 2016 at a Chicago location and was adopted in May of the same year. He is a 3 year old Russian Blue. I just wanna know his new family is loving like I did. Please up vote and share. :)
Homeless Youth - Back to school
Homeless, couch-hopping, and trying to get my own place...What should I do?
IHS Homeless Shelter - Honolulu Reviews?
AntiSocial Social Club Hoodie Anti Social Social Club Hooded Sweatshirts
Homeless Population Decreasing Thanks to ‘Housing-First’ Approach
Homeless Life Expectancy: Age 47
Jesus was homeless, yet this largely Christian nation hates the homeless.
Turn homelessness into a positive by backpacking/camping in woods?
How does an arrest warrant effect me?
Playing with my cousin Ringo. I see him when me and my mom go shower and wash clothes at my aunts house
So apparently I've become a meme on 4chan.
The Care Concert: There’s No Place That’s Home” Raises Approximately $30,000 Towards Homelessness
Free assistance at Chicago Public Libraries
Our mornings everyday
A series of unfortunate events.
Why do many homeless avoid homeless shelters?
Heat.
[Portland, OR] What would you like to see in an app for the homeless?
Barter/work for food
Did you keep your pet when you became homeless?
Haven't seen this subject...
Foster Children
Home to Homeless the story of how my mom and I became homeless
Cycle of homelessness?????
Teen photographer tells stories of homeless
Ants in our room
Walk in the Park Vlog Update
If I could help, would you let me?
Time Lapse of Flooding in the room we stay in
What Happens When Cities Make Homelessness a Crime: Hiding The Homeless
Housing First England | Homeless Link
Crazy request. Can anyone in Berlin or surrounding area give two Scottish guys a place to Couchsurf from the 3rd to the 5th?
If you can't donate please share.
YouTube Vlog
Sister is alcoholic, kicking me out.
"making" somebody homeless...
“I want to try to get out of my animal mind state and get back into my person mind state.” Fred
Chronicly homeless and malnourished considering suicide
My vlog if anyone wants to check it out
Probably a dumb question. What area/city/state is the "best" to be homeless?
I am previously homeless 3+ years, and I believe it's a choice for me and 80% of homeless people. Care to know why? Please ask...
Why poverty is not a personal choice, but a reflection of society
Life on the Hook: Sausalito’s Floating ‘Homeless’
Searching for a homeless person Orange TX
[22M] General Advice for Going Commando? (And Requesting Specific Advice for Sleeping in Tacoma)
places to park car to sleep
[META] Can we get a stickied post, or maybe a pre-populated text field with a fill-in-the-blank kind of thing, to guide people about what info they should be leaving when posting for help?
Anyone else find other homeless people obnoxious and hard to stand?
How the homeless create homes
19F, Nearly Homeless, What do I do first?
Flooding in our little room
Why do people have to be so rude homeless people?
We are starving!
No Man Is an Island
Homeless
Help my mom.
Homeless
This is the doorway we stay in. We sleep on chairs.
My mom and I are homeless and sleep in a storage room door way.
Homeless with my mom.
Recently homeless.
Tips for dealing with verbally aggressive groups?
I need just a little help
Obese and homeless in 4 weeks
I need a little help
I need a little help
Kicked out and homeless at 24
Burned feet, parched throats: Arizona homeless desperate to escape heatwave
Housing crisis threatens a million families with eviction by 2020 | Guardian Society
About to be homeless in 2 days. Please someone help.
I don't know what to do
I want to be homeless, am I just romanticising it?
17, female. Homeless as of this week
17, homeless tomorrow.
Have decided to put myself in a "sink-or-swim" situation, living in my car and working until I can afford a place to lay my head
How to sleep when hungry? (can't afford food)
Conflicted about the homeless in my community
why are there homeless teens when the law provides foster care for all those under 18?
About renting an office space. I currently have a job--is there an easy small business I could start that would help me get a lease on an office space?
Car or apartment?
SARAPCENTERS.COM (GEP) Global Emergency Provisions Renewable Energy Com...
Thugs shoot firework at homeless guy - London - May 17
Kid is Faking his disability to beg for money and gets caught
How much is homelessness costing you?
Suggestions and advice
This Oct. 2016 LA Times article on homelessness in LA got zero comments when autoposted to the LAtimes reddit.
Would putting a full sized low-to-the-ground mattress with a cover in a popular post up stop be helpful?
Squats for Migrants | sub.media
Advice on finding a place to live if I already have an income
Friend of Mine in Rough Situation
Detroit homeless with a car
Homeless while working nightshift and sleeping during the day:
Now that a homeless, disgruntled Bernie fan living in a van has lashed out, will Trumpenkampfverbande round up homeless into FEMA camps?
broke college student looking into camping in national park to save rent money
Hungry with no money
First Post for 20five40!
The impact of social ties on homelessness
giving food to the homeless
I'm trying to make a miracle happen for my family. Today (Father's Day) is also my husband's birthday.
What's a good homeless vehicle (reliable and good for sleeping) that I can buy under 5 grand?
Shitty experience with the police. Looking for advice and kind words
When Transgender People Need Shelters
Why am I paying taxes out of my paycheck when I'm not making enough to have a place to live?
Been homeless my whole life! In Spokane
FUNDRAISER: Help the 80 kids at this transitional family shelter get new books!
San Diego County Hepatitis A Outbreak Linked To Santa Cruz Strain
12 Drunk Jews at a Lakeside Bar
Need help immediately. Please. God bless
Helping The Homeless
Safe Sleeping Places
Have to be out of my extended stay tomorrow
Kathy
contemplating homelessnes by choice
Welp, I had my laptop stolen at the homeless shelter I'm in.
Will be homeless tomorrow morning [18/M]
https://www.gofundme.com/t8xzdy-homeless-hopeless
My Mom and I are gonna be homeless by this Sunday and have nowhere to go.
About to practically be homeless
I'm homeless in the Dallas/Fort Worth area. Advice?
I'm homeless and i think this would help my mom and us..
I want to leave everyone I know now........
Should I give money to the homeless?
I'm from LA, San Fernando Valley. How can I help the homeless?
Homeless in Dublin CA
Burning Van
Living in my car
I may be homeless after this weekend.. options
I'm about to be homeless.
No Such Thing As Homeless
STORY TIME:: The Time Me And Boyfriend Was Homeless
A difference can be made, be proud and be the start of a chain!!
Mental Health Services in LA. Experiences?
Finding home: Lack of affordable housing is a crisis across the West
Has anyone here ever went to school while they were homeless?
Hey guys I need some advicd
New to Reddit, possibly going to be homeless in 2 months or so. I'm old, it's been a good run but I've reached my limits
City Harvest-type org in NJ?
Homeless Plan Review (Looking for advice on it)
Considering taking off and starting over completely.
Houseless people need IDs/DLs too.
Just got kicked out, only have 25 dollars in my pocket, I am in long island NY
Tips for going homeless?
I have been kicked out, I am in long island NY, I have 25 dollars in my pocket, I need help now
The Laws Cities Use To Make Homelessness a Crime
Homeless near Lake Okeechobee: Where the system has failed, a few who care help one man.
Homeless and have no idea what to do.
L.A.'s crisis: High rents, low pay, homelessness rising and $2,000 doesn't buy much
Homeless in Car in OC, Cali
Us and Them in Buddhism
I have been almost homeless several times. Want to help others
Helping the homeless
homeless treated badly
Being homeless sucked. But not as much as youd think.
As a child Michael James knew that his parents' drinking was affecting his childhood and the police took him away. This resulted in his homelessness, drug abuse, crime and suicide attempts before he reinvented himself and forged a path out of the darkness.
Homeless in Glasgow, Blog Seven
Montreal: Week of Occupations | a ditty about squatting by Stimulator
change please melbourne
Saw a homeless dude with two dogs, starving. Asked them what they wanted, and came back with some drinks and dog food. He was gone!
Virginia Beach police investigate death of bloodied, bruised man living in housing for homeless
Should I give money to homeless?
How do homeless people get identification?
How should I go about giving a homeless man whom I see regularly a care package?
I'm going to fly
I'm oficially homeless.
Homeless from Orlando to Austin in a few hours what should I do?
abused then discarded i need some advice
Please help a homeless family get back on their feet
DMV area indie artist enter this showcase and help feed the Homeless!!! June 24th Gaithersburg Maryland
Oswego Patch: Aurora University interns helping PADS expand services to Kendall County homeless
Getting kicked out, need a place to live in the suburbs of Chicago.
I dont know where to begin.
Homeless talking to themselves
Los Angeles and New York are the Top 2 US Cities With High Homelessness ...
i'm going crazy as a homeless
Book / lit recommendations re: daily life in unsheltered community?
A song about homelessness: are.u.really.alive? - sleepin' sound
Social work students helping homeless in hands-on way
Donating homeless on 1st June night.
Help for my mom
I am a Services Coordinator and Day-Center Manager and I'm starting to lose it.
About to be homeless again. I'm sad, angry, scared, confused, etc. My number one message is that it's the anti-social laws and norms we have that cause homelessness. The cure is a government/society where the number one goal is to use shared resources to serve our needs for being healthy and happy.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-2EIf2uEb2A
How should I help the homeless?
Life on San Diego's streets for a single woman of 63
Launch of the web-site purdypie.com
With house prices and rents soaring, can there be a remedy to homelessness? The June New Internationalist magazine investigates.
Hello all. I'm in need of some suggestions.
How Does A Homeless Man Spend $100?
How to help homeless mother with bipolar disorder (x-post from /r/bipolar)
Need and Greed - The Vitruvian Man
Need some information about getting things sorted as a homeless
[–]from muddy700s sent 53 minutes ago There is nothing wrong with being homeless; you just didn't like it.
Yorkville Patch: Aurora University interns helping PADS expand services to Kendall County homeless
Social work students helping homeless in hands-on way
Homeless in america Docuseries
My dream was to dance like Michael
I'm going to be homeless in a couple days, need advice.
Dj starts homeless revolution in London.
This whole sub just keeps going around and around in circles
Kicked out
Sleeping on commercial property.
About to be homeless in NYC
Helping The Homeless
Could an app help at all?
Homeless in Glasgow, Blog Six.
Homeless People Have Amazing Talent Check It Out My Compilation. God bless
Homeless in America DOCUSERIES Episode 1 please share and comment..
Family of 6 living in hotel would you like to help us!
Should I go homeless?
What about the process of getting help has made it more difficult for you?
Las Vegas Police Trick Killer With Mannequin - Man Suspected of killing ...
Homeless man with dog same as dog in a stroller at Walmart.
Innovation for Humanity - introducing billionBricks, an NGO that uses design innovation to end homelessness
Homeless men killer: the killings of two middle-age homeless men + 'mannequin'
Northeast Florida (Jacksonville)
Come on
Homeless man with dog same as Wal-Mart dog.
Homeless man with dog same as Wal-Mart dog.
What format of book do homeless persons read in the US & Canada?
Pros and cons of socializing with other homeless people. I feel so lonely I want to have a comrade is this a good or bad idea?
Yorkville Patch: Kendall County homeless face toughest time finding permanent housing in Illinois
Yorkville Patch: Homeless women shatter stereotypes and share hopes for finding a place to live
Oswego Patch: Kendall County PADS pours out help, hope to area's homeless
Montgomery Patch: PADS of Kendall County bridges aching gap between affordable housing and homelessness
Happy Mother's Day
You have all disappointed you mothers
Yorkville Patch: Kendall County PADS seeking volunteers as shelter season nears
Montgomery Patch: PADS of Kendall County bridges aching gap between affordable housing and homelessness
Joliet Patch: Kendall County PADS' guests get lift from 100+ Women Who Care of Greater Will County
Need help plz
Shitstorm- life in an urban shelter
Homeless in america docuseries episode 1 please share
Help homeless in vegas
Dignity, Homelessness and AHCA Hysteria
Should I buy socks for homeless people in my city?
Kkuiken15
How to beat boredom while homeless?
Help
Living out in a car
Hello all! I am 18 years old and recently got kicked out of my home. Planning to relocate.
Im 19, pregnant and moving into a homeless shelter
I'm 19 and pregnant and about to move into a homeless shelter
Is it possible to crowdfund your way out of homelessness?
I am working on a documentary series aiming to capture the experiences of those helped by a organization I also volunteer for. My hope with this project is that it will inspire more people to help.
When housing is a commodity instead of a human right
Homeless in Glasgow, Blog Five
Book Recommendations (preferably non-fiction/analytical)?
My written piece from last year on homelessness in UK
On the verge of homelessness. What are some foods I can buy that aren't too expensive?
Volunteers with Compassionate Creations use plastic grocery bags to make sleeping mats for homeless
Thinking about becoming homeless and walking nearly 900 miles, need some pointers
Watch this doc trailer on a homeless musician's journey
Sturdy Cardboard Beds for Homeless People: 6 Easy Steps (with Pictures and Templates)
Does anyone have any experience with bicycle trailer shelters/tents? I might be homeless in a month, and it's pretty warm right now...
This!
Homeless native guy in Vancouver BC 2017
Experiences with plasma donation for money?
Mom Buys Homeless Man Breakfast, Then He Slips Her A Note With A Shocking Confession
PADS bridges aching gap between affordable housing and homelessness in rustic county west of Chicago
Homeless women shatter myths and share hopes
Trespass
I'm tired of being empty handed when the homeless in my city ask for help. I'm making bags with things my homeless friends may need. What should I put in them?
“I signed up for free gym memberships just so I could take a shower and brush my teeth somewhere in the morning.” Anonymous
Where to go
I'm not sure how to fix my life
I know of a mentally ill woman who because of her illness is frequently homeless. How can I best help her?
Where should I donate new/like new/used clothes?
Man Records Tornado
The Laws Cities Use To Make Homelessness a Crime
Travel Show Host Invests Retirement Savings In Housing Homeless
Good Morning Quad Cities Thursday, April 27
Homeless in Glasgow Blog Four
So i'm going to be homeless pretty soon
Draconian Laws Passed in Major Cities Making Homelessness a Crime
How to get a State ID if you are homeless and therefore don't have proof of residency?
Los Angeles homeless man.
Finding a place to sleep in exchange for work?
Recently homeless but I'm wanting to date still?
Gonna try to crash at the 24/7 wallymart for first night tonight
First night
Getting clothes, shoes and bags ready to donate directly to the homelss in town here in North California
The Many Layers of Homelessness
Freshly homeless.
Do you think that my drug dealer might let me sleep in the traphouse?
7 months pregnant, working, and homeless
Giing officially homeless/crazy
Property Dealers in Sahibabad Industrial area | Rent , Sale, Buy
Frameless shower doors Rockwall TX
What is one think you wish people knew about homlessnesss?
Embarrassing question, but where do I poop at night?
Why hasnt a group of billionaires like Gates, Allen, Musk and others build a homeless shelter to feed and house all the homeless in the USA?
Inspiring living rooms
Don't know what to do
Kicked out of home
Going homeless for 90 days with a full-time job
How to get paid or a job without social security?
Deep urge to be homeless.
Is it possible to make enough by dumpster flipping to pay for a gym membership and urban survival gear?
[deleted by user]
UIUC journalism senior looking for homeless students to interview
3 days before im homeless and lose internet please to god help
Challenging conversation
homelessness in the San Fernando Valley
Watch this young boy give his change to a poor old man
Homeless people handed free beer as part of Bud Light campaign
How to sleep when you are homeless ?
It's Earth Day, and in the interest of rendering the full spectrum of homelessness, it's also true that some people choose to live outdoors, with Mother Earth.
Living in my car in the suburbs of Chicago
Cross posting a link (not my own) about how the city of toronto is screwing us
'The people's fridge' provides food for Free - BBC News| BBC
Living in my car in North Jersey.
Anyone have any luck with Vocational Rehabilitation?
Being homeless in major city
Homeless in Glasgow, Blog Two.
Homeless in Seattle
Yorkville Patch: Kendall County homeless face toughest time finding permanent housing in Illinois
Oswego Patch: Ex-homeless man to volunteer at Kendall County PADS
Montgomery Patch: Ex-homeless man to volunteer at Kendall County PADS
Montgomery Patch: Kendall County couple looking forward to again hosting area homeless
Oswego Patch: Homeless women shatter stereotypes and share hopes for finding a place to live
My friend is heading to Las Vegas to be homeless.
Montgomery Patch: Former shelter guest gives help, hope to the homeless
Homeless Build Drug-Free Camp to Help Others Get Sober, Cops Promptly Tear it Down
Yorkville Patch: Kendall County PADS pours out help, hope to area homeless
Oswego Patch: Kendall County PADS expresses thanks to donors, contributors as shelter season nears end
City Erects Prison Camp to Deal with Homeless – Cutting Off Food & Water
Montgomery Patch: PADS of Kendall County bridges aching gap between affordable housing and homelessness
Oswego Patch: PADS of Kendall County seeking volunteers as shelter season nears
Montgomery Patch: Kendall County PADS needs help to meet its mission of serving the community's homeless
Oswego Patch: No room at the inn: Kendall County PADS needs more volunteers to staff shelter sites
Joliet Patch: Kendall County PADS' guests get lift from 100+ Women Who Care of Greater Will County
Help my family with funds for living as they are homeless in san diego
Want input, advise, suggestions from homeless girls / women.
17, thinking of going homeless (in the wild?)
Homeless Tent Camping in San Diego?
Please help
28 year old pregnant mother and a toddler
16 years old, homeless off and off my entire life, staying in a motel with family right now. Don't know what to do, don't have any hope, contemplating suicide.
I just want to browse the internet (maybe learn to code) all day while being homeless and have free access to showers (maybe in public pools?). What's the best place to do this? I'm in South Florida
My Blog about being Homeless in Glasgow, Scotland.
Joliet Patch: Kendall County PADS' guests get lift from 100+ Women Who Care of Greater Will County
Oswego Patch: Kendall County PADS expresses thanks to donors, contributors as shelter season nears end
Poor homeless died today in Dresden Germany in Main-Train Station. Because there is maybe nobody who will miss him, let us hold on for a minute to think of all these lonely forgotten souls. RIP and find peace whereever you are!
How do I help my soon to be homeless father?
Like a Boss
About to be homeless in my car, don't want my dog to be
Has anyone here lived or know of anyone living in an office ?
Soon to be homeless, thinking about switching cities...
Best city to be homeless in?
AMA on being homeless in America?!
financially and emotionally abusive family combined with incompitence made me homeless.
On Church St and MASS Ave in Cambridge
Older and homeless
Pope opens free laundromat for homeless
Blaze devastates Grand-Synthe migrant camp outside Dunkirk | The Guardian
Should the homeless be denied the right to rest their heads?
Anyone in the north shore area of Massachusetts have any spare rooms or know of anywhere my girlfriend and I can stay at?
Erica Sandberg on Homelessness and Downtown Streets Team
“Yeti” – Life of a Nomad
Living in my car.
How do you handle homeless children?
Family
Just pack up and leave?
Alan Graham: Creating a Home for the Homeless in Austin, TX [podcast interview]
PSA for the homeless.
Does Walmart still allow individuals to park their car overnight in the parking lot ?
Legal advice in Auburn WA
Hey im in cali
Micro-shelter for the homeless project
Looking for suggestions in Cantonx OH
FREE PIZZA
Desperate attempt to find a place to be.
Going to be homeless soon, please give me advice
Worry About Hunger, Homelessness Up for Lower-Income in US
Requesting information for a school project
I shower at a place called the Joseph house. It's run by the local Catholic Church and the nuns do your dirty laundry too. This is the first time I've seen them mark my undershirt as a Wife Beater. 😂
How a Developer Released Their First Game, Yet Being Homeless
disabled and homeless. wait for ssi, or... don't?
could be useful for sink "showering"
Info about applying for food stamps (particularly in Orange County CA)?
A "recently homeless" man in my neighborhood. How can I help?
Homeless women, have you ever been offered money for sex?
I'm 20 and homeless.
New Podcast: Surviving Sacramento
Another subreddit for the Homeless
#PicoRivera #Homeless Pico Rivera Attacking Homeless, Banning RV's/Large Vehicles on streets overnight, Walmart Pico Rivera also banning RV's!RVer's BEWARE!
I think it's all over. I've failed.
looks like i'm on my way to breaking the cycle of chronic homelessness
Look like I belong in this subreddit now :/
[deleted by user]
I will be homeless for the first time, any tips?
I am a 20 year old female and left home today because of the physical and mental abuse that I have been enduring for over 10 years and on a daily basis. I don't know what to do.
Laws Governing Shelters?
[deleted by user]
Two Homeless Men Wrestle For Money - With A Twist!
Im 19 and homeless
Please I need help. I'm about to become homeless next week
I'm a cook who started feeding the homeless - here's my guide so you can do the same.
People Literally Eating Garbage
Opinions on what to do next...
I'm seriously considering becoming homeless, and would like advice.
Seattle planning to spend 55,404 per homeless person per year. They are currently spending 36,709.72
www.onelovecares.com Every ten sales goes toward helping the homeless or someone in need. Show your support by shopping an item today.
Trying to get an ID card in TX (19M)
Homeless Horror Stories
Just lost my housing, Portland. Suggestions please :-)
San Diego homeless with a car
How should the general public respond to the homeless?
help for me and my dad
Homeless in British Columbia
Fire Destroys Elberta Mobile Home, Just hoping to find some help for these people.
Fire Destroys Elberta Mobile Home just hoping to find some help
Just sick of this
Housing the Homeless: Universal Housing is the Answer
Why It's So Hard to Stop Being Homeless in New York
I'm homeless in one of the largest cities in the world, New York City in the USA. Here's a vlog of me this morning recounting some experiences in Union Square Park.
[Toronto] What can I do? My employer is screwing me over.....
Homeless man, 32, found dead in Portland tent
[deleted by user]
Any idea
An Odd Thing To See In A Homeless Shelter
Homeless with 3 kids
PADS of Kendall County seeking volunteers as season of housing homeless guests nears
Homeless man given makeover after 25 years on the streets The Independent
Not Quite Homeless But Getting There. Technically, I have a week. Could Use Advice.
Just another day in the life of a bum in the shelter with me who'd rather piss himself every day. Should this guy be thrown out? (Y/N? Why?) [debate]
Will be homeless in June, where to safely stay because I have comprehension, panic problems daily and am physically weak and need some behavior rehab (neglect disorganization) I don't have access to. (Female 29 years Santa Clara, CA)
Homeless Man’s Transformation Gives Him A New Outlook On Life And Makes Him Tear Up
Ray is a resident at New Beginnings homeless rehabilitation, today he sang and had a great day
I need advice or help
Multnomah County offers incentives for homeowners to house homeless in backyards
I'm a homeless American living in Berlin without health insurance. I need a job and a doctor.
Melbourne homelessness: Meet the city's rough sleepers
Can I start conversations with random people at a drop-in center? If so, what's a good way to do this? And other questions.
Helping a Friend Battling Homelessness
Sometimes i miss it
High rents force some in Silicon Valley to live in vehicles
Currently homeless again. Need a better city.
About to be homeless
How cities can help sell homeless shelters to local communities
"Rather than complain about the homeless, you should let them stay with you. "
Government accused of obstructing the homeless from voting while spending millions on helping rich expats register • r/Labour
Video: scumbag burns alive a sleeping homeless man.
Need help and tips
Where can I pick up my mail?
I just got kicked out and don't have any money at all. Mind buying me food in exchange for a quick sketch like the example? :(
Any Long Islanders here? (Suffolk County)
Utah school installs showers, laundry facilities for homeless students
Police take away homeless mans blanket
VERTICAL RUSH 2017
Left NC to LI NY to help my dementia grandmother. Things were going fine. Suddenly she wants me to leave. Then calms down says I'm glad to stay. Today she had the sheriff remove me even though I have her written permission.
Dead Dog Walking
How can I eat healthier as a homeless person?
We have 200 volunteers (with intermittent time on their hands), and little capital - What can we do to help?
Drugs, in a HOMELESS SHELTER?! Say it ain't SO!
I don't have one
2 hobos from Northern Michigan..
Man arrested after attack on homeless person 'decoy'
Kendall homeless face toughest time finding housing in Illinois
To Portland panhandlers, program may offer welcome change: Jobs
A better way to define poverty, which is also a better way to talk about the homeless and what state of mind they might be in at times.
gofundme.com/s454j-homeless
#HelpThemWorkForThemselves - a Thunderclap Campaign for arranging jobs for our homeless
Rage Against the Machine - Ghost of Tom Joad
I used to be
How to get an I.D if you never got a birth certificate or S.S number?
Homeless in Florida or New York?
Helping the homeless? Why would anyone "not" want to?
Loneliness
This family is lending recycled suits to down-on-their-luck men
De Blasio Unveils Plan to Confront Homelessness
KICKED OUT OF ROOMATES APARTMENT
John, we never talked, I liked that about you. After 5 years someone murdered you. I am sorry.
Want to give away my RV. It needs some work.
Universal Basic Income, 5 Experiments From Around The World | Worldcrunch
21 and homeless in Wesley Chapel, Fl.
How A Homeless Man Created His First Mobile Game
Homeless
Mayor Ed Murray proposes $55 million a year property-tax levy to fight homelessness
Hi Reddit! I am a computer science undergrad student researching the use of technology in the lives of the homeless
Under The Bridges and On the Streets
If you need/have to get a vehicle because of homelessness . .
I really just need some help till i can get on my feet for my baby on the way
Our Software team is making an app that shows all events with free food on campus. We need your help!
Tent city
Dating website. Free, huge and good choice of girls
Montgomery Patch: Kendall County homeless face toughest time finding permanent housing in Illinois
I just need to know that things are going to get better.
How the homeless shower...
Batman Giving to The Homeless
Need help with car
Can't get a job without ID
Homeless
Yorkville Patch: Homeless women shatter stereotypes and share hopes for finding a place to live
Do you Need a place to stay in TORONTO
homeless family in Los Angeles
Helping out a friend- need advice
Where do you go if you have no car and nobody to stay with?
Homeless from yesterday
How I got to where I am.
"I just got frustrated there wasn't an easier way to help." Rose Broome, CEO of HandUp on the UBI podcast.
So sad a coworker talking to me about how she used to work with homeless people in SF and get them housing, not knowing their history. Wellness checks done every three days.They get set up and bring their drug habits and their friends to their housing, later to be found dead, due to OD.
My good true story. I didn’t understand the website can help me to find the true girls for sex
Your phone is the phone of a homeless young person
Las vegas underground city, this place is home to over 500 men, women and children who live under the tunnels that run directly below the Las Vegas Strip casinos
Police found this air rifle inside the tent of someone sleeping rough on Market Street - Manchester Evening News
Homeless and sleeping out in the cold
Homeless young
Homeless man called a bum, this will change your perspective
No place like home: America’s eviction epidemic
Tuesday's Picture: Playing for Food
23 [F4M] I'm Madeline. Can you FUCK me?
In observance of Valentine's Day, here's a story of a couple who moved from Alabama, ended up in San Francisco, became homeless, and are still making it work together.
An Old Man Facing Homelessness
Homeless and eeally need help
Homeless please help
The cheeky scamps at ANAL are up to it again: Squatting Mansions to Fight Homelessness | Vice
Our product design team needs your help!
We're are the homless of Long Beach
Help us house the homeless
Want to leave supported living unit, but got nowhere to go
I was on stage supporting a big star, but I was homeless and thinking 'I don't know where I'm staying tonight'
Do you want to fuck me?
[Question] Best city on West Coast to be homeless immediately after leaving an abusive home?
How to stay alive in the NYC Winter if you're homeless
I’d say that I’d suggest that
So I was fired from one of my jobs . . ..
How are you getting on?
Yes on H - March for the Homeless
Please donate to help me surprise a few random homless men/women
What kind of jobs can you have when you're homeless?
What can I do with 1,100 a month from social security in florida?
Good to see you! Long time no see!
What happens when the homeless become physically disabled or brain dead?
[FREE] Free Sex Dаting Website
Leaving home
[Free] Dating_Sexy_Girls
[FREE JOIN] 100% Free-Sex-Dаting-Website
If you need a place to stay call 491-378-5781
Cаn I ask а favоur?
[deleted by user]
A BIG Problem in Cambridge - My Video on Facebook managed to get 25,000 views. Can we try do the same on my YouTube?
Sofa surfers and car sleepers – Britain’s hidden homeless and how we can help them
A suggestion for homeless services: build your websites with HOMELESS PEOPLE in mind!
Сan you bе quiеt for а momеnt?
People of r/homeless, what is the best way to end homelessness?
What are some easy ways to get a quick $500 to $750?
Man helps homeless man get back on his feet in Marin County
A Walk With The Only Homeless Man In Downtown Houston
Му rеаl еxреriеnсе with girls fоr you guуs
How to get and hold a job homeless? And alternative ways for income
A few weeks away from being on the street...
Helping a local homeless man
Can you get a bank account when you're homeless?
Jimi The Hobo A Prodigy? YouTube Subscribers & My Frustration
I’d say that I’d suggest that
Good to see you! Long time no see!
The way I see it
How Dogs Forge a Bond with Rio’s Homeless That Is Life-Saving for Both
[deleted by user]
Can you bе quiеt for a mоmеnt?
I'm tired of this crap
It happened.. I'm homeless. Need advice!
With all this new found interest in the plight of the homeless...
Саn уоu givе mе а hаnd with this?
Not Not Guilty: My Brother, Schizophrenia, and the State of Illinois
Саn I аsk а fаvоur?
Yorkville Patch: Kendall County PADS pours out help, hope to area homeless
Been traveling around the LA area for over a month and am going to pick a place in a coastal area and settle down tomorrow. Any areas you guys recommend?
24, no job, no money, homeless in LA tonight
How Running Got 6,000 Homeless People Back on Their Feet
[deleted by user]
Му rеаl stоrу аbоut 3 timеs with diffеrеnt girls fоr уоu guуs
HELPING ME TO HELP OTHERS @niume_official
I am the person that made the video and the campaign, and to be honest I don't think it's good enough. Can you guys help?
Disowned by family safest city for homeless
Please help us
Тhе_intеrnеt_sех_dаting_wеbsitе_fоund_girls_fоr_Sех
Homeless in 2 Weeks
Frее_Intеrnеt_dаting_wеbsitе_with_а_lоt_оf_diffеrеnt_girls
Vigil for J.D.: Homeless man found dead behind dumpster deserved better, activists say
Don't know what to do
Homeless in 6 months.
Нi
Squatters turn oligarch's empty London property into homeless shelter | Guardian UK
Single mom needs a miracle
Any workfor stay hotels in ct?
WikiTravel for Homeless Resources?
Hi /r/homeless! I'm in collaboration with a writer for a new play and am looking for some insight into how it is.
Is there any work for stay hotels?
Homeless until next week. 19, $1600 in my account and I have a car and job.
Homeless tomorrow
10 Heartbreaking Facts About Homelessness - Toptenz.net
Why do people always suggest to the Homeless to sell their belongings?
Homeless tomorrow
4 days til homeless
Homeless family of 5 trying to find housing
Sеx with 3 girls, 3 timеs. Sitе which found sex rеlatiоns withоut fеe
The rights of homeless students.
How to effectively, safely help?
Please Help Old Man Facing Homelessness
Oswego Patch: Kendall County homeless face toughest time finding permanent housing in Illinois
Montgomery Patch: Ex-homeless man to volunteer at Kendall County PADS
Yorkville Patch: Kendall County couple looking forward to again hosting area homeless
Montgomery Patch: Former shelter guest gives help, hope to the homeless
Montgomery Patch: PADS of Kendall County bridges aching gap between affordable housing and homelessness
Yorkville Patch: Kendall County PADS needs help to meet its mission of serving the community's homeless
Joliet Patch: Kendall County PADS' guests get lift from 100+ Women Who Care of Greater Will County
An Old Man Is Facing Homelessness
Need Feedback on App Development (for directory of homeless shelters for teens)
This is my homeless site
So I got a van.
About to be homeless in the UK
Мy truе stоry аbоut free dating website
Halp
Been homeless for nearly 17 months...
I’vе triеd for а lot оf of dating sitе, but thеу askеd money for using. I’vе found provеn dаting website which helped mе tо find 3 girls for sex
Looking for help
How to give back homeless (Internships)
3 times with differеnt girls or mу rеаl stоrу how I fоund 3 girls fоr 1 mоnth
Homelessness in Gary Indiana
Food Ideas
1 month I’m using this frее аnd wеll trustеd dating site – I’vе found girls whо agrеed for seх
Old Man Facing Homelessness
Homeless Man Loved By Community Found Dead Near Dumpster
We are new homeless living in our car. The wind is so freaking strong. It's really scary. Are we safe being in my car with wind so strong?
Tips for the No Home Club?
Giving back to the community
My reаl eхрeriеnсе fоr guys
Looking for feedback on outreach project.
Free Intеrnеt dаting with a lot оf diffеrent girls. Mу rеаl аdviсe fоr уou guys
Creating an app
I feel like you have to be a complete idiot to ever become homeless
Homeless Person Needs Help
Helping #homeless reenter the workforce in style
Hello everyone. I just got kicked out. I am $2500 in debt and have $300 in cash right now. I need help
So... Day 5... Something has to give, right?
Pillow in the Park Christmas 2016
VICE Documentary Films: "Shelter" (trailer)
[FREЕ JОIN] 100% Freе-Sex-Dаting-Wеbsitе. Оur girls arе looking for just frее-sех. Members аrе frоm аll оver the world. Dоn't wаstе anу morе time lоoking for freе-dаting-sitеs.
Need urgent advice
Montgomery Patch: Kendall County PADS' guests get lift from 100+ Women Who Care of Greater Will County
Freе-Online-Dаting
Will Finland's basic income trial help the jobless? - BBC News
[deleted by user]
Going to homeless very soon
Helping the homeless
Women's philanthropic group gives lift to local homeless
Women's philanthropic group gives lift to local homeless
Kicked out, What do ?
Trying to get sleeping bags for the homeless in St Pete, Florida. Can you help?
Provеn Intеrnet dаting site with a lot of diffеrеnt girls. Mу reаl еxperienсе with girls fоr yоu guys
Homeless community in Phoenix?
Six foot box appears in Belfast city centre as free place to sleep
"[I] got my nun-chucks up here...": Living out of a storage locker for 2 months, in style! | 007craft via U-toob
Survey about Homelessness In America for Research class!!
Fresh out of college with a Creative Writing degree; no job and no housing. What is the best area to sleep in my car during this transitional period in my life?
Homeless in Houston Tx
Are there initiatives to discuss and share solutions around the world ?
Living out of a vehicle
Homeless in Britain: "I graduated with honours â and ended up on the streets"
Why be a cunt?
Youth group seeking advice for homeless project
Syrian refugee children homeless
Help a homeless man
What do I buy with my $50 Amazon gift card?
Please help if you can
Weather
The Homeless Entrepreneur
Rights Battles Emerge in Cities Where Homelessness Can Be a Crime
84 Years since George Orwell wrote "Down & Out in London & Paris" - but sadly his writing is still as true as ever in 2017
Many Ways to Help the Homeless
Hosting a homeless person.
Goin to Colorado
Do you guys need cough drops and vitamin c drops
Homeless with no help/nowhere to turn (Need advice)
What it's Really Like to Be Homeless
Homeless father reunited with his son after 2 years of being apart!
Help in Boston
25/F (Look about 17) homeless and out of hours homeless not answering
so I decided to help this homeless person
Small challenge going on in Boston. "Duffle Bag Challenge".
Please help us...
In Tampa, Food Not Bombs activists arrested for feeding the homeless - again
17 M, live in NY. Could be homeless within the next couple of weeks. Need advice.
Homeless charity
PLEASE SHARE HELP THIS FAMILY
Has anyone been through the uk homeless system before?
Taking it to the bridge. For the last 3 years a Salem, Oregon, woman has been cooking for 300+ homeless (each month) out of her home.
Help me proofread / re-word / design a handout for homeless people in San Francisco whose tents are being thrown away?
21 M LA, will be on streets tomorrow. Seeking advice.
Sarasota, FL Travelling Musician Needs Guitar
HELLLLLPPPPP
Next step?
What are you trips on keeping your electronics (e.g laptop) dry/warm/working the the cold months?
Dad left his wife and kids to live in our cars
Newly homeless, just want a job - San Diego
I have a homeless friend that needs to get from Indiana to Georgia.
Local shelter takes to Twitter for help
It's 2017...and the only way I see myself "making it" is to become homeless.
Sign the petition
San Francisco Homeless Veteran Without Shelter After Tent Blaze, Possibly Arson
Was out on a cold night trying to help a few people...
Homeless
I gave money to a homeless guys and felt terrible!
Wyoming homeless community
About to become homeless in the UK (South England)
Dont know what to do anymore..
SoCal. Very high chance of being homeless starting this week. Need advice!
D.C. Homelessness Doubles National Average as Living Costs Soar
Any help would be grateful. Due to psoriatic arthritis and fibromyalgia I am temporarily not working. Trying to make sure my chidren have a place to live☺
1840 - Homelessness advocates march in Uptown, shelter saved - Gay Lesbian Bi Trans News Archive - Windy City Times
Map your resources with mapcustomizer.
I've Never Thought About My Abusers
Surprise triggers.
DAE Avoid Conversation?
Six years mostly stable. Backsliding for no apparent reason. I know it happens. Mostly a vent post.
did EMDR, feel horrible
Jekyll and Hyde
Thanksgiving/Christmas time hurt me.
Some things I've realized that help me with flash backs.
Would you like help with some problems you're having? Or, do you want an accepting community to become a part of? Perhaps you would like to help other people dealing with problems too. Here on Angel's Wings Support, a Discord server, we help and receive help.
I saw him
[deleted by user]
Is phantom pain the right term? I feel pain but its not limb pain. (No amputation though)
Упустишь время - не поймаешь
New Department of Defense study on Transcendental Meditation and PTSD
New trauma
Having a really hard PTSD day - would love some encouragement 😢
Having severe Night Terrors.
Getting triggered by being touched in a place that shouldn't be triggering [trigger warning for sexual assault]
When you open up to a friend about your trauma
Avoidance of Violent Content
I was diagnosed with PTSD on Thursday, what can I expect from treatment?
I feel like I'm just existing because its ehats expected of me at this point...
Rebuilding after a plane crash
Therapy Horror Stories
Don't Want To Lose Control
Why can’t attackers stay hidden
recently started therapy for sexual assault related ptsd
How to make it easier on my partner?
Here's my life story
Wish me luck
TW - Emotional and verbal abuse
Handling ptsd with a partner
[Xbox] [h] very mixed list [w] keys or respectable offers ♡♡
Just Kinda Tired.
What kind of verbal abuse is this?
Snow is one of my triggers and it’s currently snowing outside.
10-12 hours of sleep
Friends Don't Always Get It :(
What is this? (IDK where to post this)
Why does every show include rape scenes nowadays?
How great it is to be around people who get it.
DH thinks I overreact to health issues
Diagnosis just confirmed
Question about age and PTSD...
Handling Clumsiness in Public
Is this PTSD?
My PTSD gave me a horrible flashback, blackout this week.
Is this PTSD?
Diagnosed with ptsd, waiting for possible diagnosis of BPD and it scares me because sibling has BPD and it was horrible.
I’m so frustrated
Sorry about the no karma, my regular account is seen by people at work and I’m not ready for that.
Just started therapy again. My new therapist has told me she wants me to try EMDR.
Introducing Myself
Trying new routine
Nightmares
Coming off anti depressants
Wim Hof Method
I was raped. He was sentenced 65 years.
How do I tell my mom, or any family?
Cant sleep. Having issues dealing with new relationship.
Any Suggestions???
Changed therapists and its not going well
My mom didn't have any boundaries
Parents aren't understanding
One step forward. Twenty steps back.
Just tried EMDR on myself and holy shit
My brother has changed but I still remember the abuse he doesn't seem to.
A Little Rant
So I just got an official PTSD diagnosis from my therapist (mental health professional) today! Lolz! What is UP my fellow traumatized peeps!
Had some feelings thanks to song lyrics
Anybody else ever get paranoid that people are talking about you subliminally?
Have you ever been “let go” by your psych doc?
I just found this new subreddit for getting comfort after nightmares
Psychiatrist said I have "symptoms of PTSD", but didn't say anything else
Keep having injury related PTSD....I need help
Needing help
[21M] feel like crying so easily
I can’t stand to hear, read or say the R word.
How do you deal with your ptsd symptoms with your partner?
Should I Get Therapy To Have Sex? (tw possibly)
Irrational fear of men, especially in groups
Resources?
What kinds of work have ppl here done successfully..
Anybody else see Yoga with Adriene's new Yoga for PTSD practice??
What could cause an increase in flashbacks?
I can’t mentally catch up to my own age!?
I don't know but it hard
Potential date ruined because of trauma
Struggling with abuse, change, and trying to move on
I miss feeling like me
Has anyone taken Beta blockers?
Does anybody else wake up feeling incredibly anxious, you know that it's from your crazy dreaming, but you can't remember the content at all?
Trigger warning. I can't do this anymore.
How are you supposed to trust doctors if you have medical trauma?
Me After You And Before PTSD.
I Feel Like I Am Walking On A Tightrope.
How come he gets to be happy?
I dont know what to do. Please help.
Need help figuring out what's wrong with me
PTSD Medication Coverage
Messiness
Sexually assaulted (again) last night and losing my gd mind.
Ecstasy during therapy?
I wake up not sure if the world I'm in is real...
Forcing myself to throw up
Is this PTSD?
I just wish... (TW: various forms of abuse)
Does anyone ever feel like this?
Why Should I Care?
Anybody have PTSD from an animal attack?
Emotional stability seems to shift with how much stress I have.
POSSIBLE TRIGGER WARNING: A Beautiful song about PTSD. Thank you all for your service. My hats off to all of you.
Looking for advice ❤️
Freeze response
What has helped you cope with nightmares?
Comic about PTSD that I find astonishingly accurate
Feeling like I’m invalid
I Miss Me
perfectly preserved brand new memories
What is PTSD- debunking the myth
Did taking an SSRI improve your sleep?
I have ptsd and need help with concentration please
Relentless nightmares
DAE check out during sex?
My boyfriend used to understand, or maybe he never did at all.
TW: suicide. I want to kill myself more than ever. Have you guys felt this way... and made it past it?
Help - fresh after an accident
Constant choking feeling — help?
[TRIGGER WARNING] Flashbacks and Hypothetical Scenarios
Anger
Damn this fucking sucks.
Do you guys get weird side effects?
I'm so tired of being scared and wanting to hide away from everything
Guilt at being loved
Who else can’t get a therapist to listen?
Diagnosis depression
How can I deal with this paranoia in a healthy way? (possible triggers: rape, stalking, break-ins)
The Trauma-Sensitive Parenting Summit &amp; Commentary
Experiencing Disconnect With My Partner :(
I am scared I will have a relapse of PTSD
Fake sufferer ... Not a real victim of trauma?
PTSD Awareness and Discussion Stream
I am so embarrassed
PTSD is keeping me from reaching out
"I Wanted to Blow My Brains Out"
I never thought I had PTSD, but after the symptoms I’m pretty sure that I do.
Help.
Thank you
PTSD sudden worsening.
I am 21 and my heightened response to everything that reminds me of trauma is making surviving difficult
Body Dysphoria or something else?
managing a triggering person
My first real PTSD episode today, a year after the event...
Anyone else having a trauma anniversary today or around today?
Old thoughts and behaviors creep back up when you last expect it
How did you bring it up to your psychiatrist?
Triggered tonight reading a news article. Possible Trigger.
Nightmares
I am so bitter and angry and afraid.
I had a meltdown over shoes this morning. Shoes.
Had my first flashback, looking for suggestions on types of therapy to seek out.
Advice for moving forward
Dissociated for 3 hours
Spouse with PTSD advice
PTSD and emotional abuse
Weird question but..
I have a cure for PTSD that works 100% of the time.
Avoidance and Dissociation
A couple weeks ago I randomly remembered about 1.5-2 years I guess I forgot. I repressed most of my childhood and I like it that way, but I didn't realize I was missing adult years. Anyone else lose large amounts of time as an adult?
Feel like my diagnosis isn’t valid.
Just got diagnosed with PTSD (CW: graphic detail)
Not sure how I can build a life outside of my house
US Patent for Treatment of PTSD
Do I have PTSD? | Lifeskills South Florida
Panic before seeing my therapist
How do I get through this?
A person in my class next semester might have my abuser's name. How can I deal with this? [tw: cursing]
TW: suicide, eatind disorders, childhoos trauma. Drunk right now, mighy need inpatient for eating disorders. Its my mother's fault.
New circumstances triggering me massively
‘Seeing’ them everywhere
Anyone else feels like crying at the most random times?
I lost my financial aid partially due to PTSD, what are my options?
Public mental health services never fail to let me down
Why you can't compare traumas
I hate it
[TW: Sexual assault/abuse] Unable to see sex as an act of love
i feel like i re-repressed things i thought i had remembered...
Do I have ptsd?
I am having a straight up mental breakdown and college is starting to feel impossible
Need advice!!!
Living the ptsd again
EMDR
Please help me figure out what's happening/Vent (TW - Suicide attempt mention, panic attack).
What helps you sleep at night?
I want to give up.
Requirements of ptsd.
Trying to go through uni
Could this cause PTSD?
I’ve forgotten how to express emotions
Can seeing an accident cause PTSD?
I can’t tell if my friend actually took advantage of me or if it’s just the PTSD talking
[tw: rape] My ptsd is getting worse on top of my depression
[deleted by user]
TW: Military Suicides, UK
I’ve never felt this agitated
I’m coming in and out if a suicidal meltdown but I have to go to work in 20 minutes. What should I do
My husband yelled at me
I thought therapy would make me less suicidal but it doesn't
Fuck Fireworks.
struggling with feeling safe
content warning: addiction, suicide
[Trigger Nightmare Warning] Artificial heart and heart transplant-induced PTSD. Need help speeding up the process.
I feel like I can't connect to other people.
Therapy?
Still on the Journey - Experiencing Setback
How can I bounce back from an episode?
DAE doesn't really know what happened?
CBT - sleep
Sigh... don't want to be cliche but here it is. A friend asked me if I have ever considered that I may have PTSD
Sexless
I don't fit in here, but it's not my fault.
I’m scared about addressing my ptsd
Hallucinating again
Psychologist diagnosed me with PTSD, but I feel so guilty about that, like I'm faking it, because my experience doesn't line up with the usual suspects. Anyone else?
Just needed to share some thoughts
Minimizing ptsd
My abuser has been recently released from prison. Has anyone made contact with an abuser well after the fact?
From Shock to Awe - A documentary about two veterans who use Ayahuasca to help heal their PTSD - We interview the producer to discuss the documentary as well as PTSD and how it affects veterans.
Stalking becoming triggering
Recently Diagnosed - Disoriented, confused, & struggling
MDMA assisted psychotherapy for treatment of chronic PTSD cured 76% of patients. October 2018
PTSD Treatment: Complementary and Alternative Therapies
Idk if this is where to post but I’m in college and the screaming kids are setting me off.
For anyone that was in an abusive romantic relationship, have you formed a successful new one? How did you do it?
Anyone else triggered by the presence of children? (tw CSA, miscarriage)
Reliving trauma...
Has anyone tried metoprolol or propranolol?
How do you handle an episode when it triggers while you are at work?
Disclosed PTSD to a friend and now I feel regret
I [20F] am uncontrollably afraid of my friend [21M] and need advice
Why does everyone think touching is ok?
sleep paralysis...a coincidence?
How to be a supportive partner?
How are you guys with therapy?
Advice/hypersensitivity
It all makes sense now and I don’t know what to do....
What is/was your experience with trauma treatment like?
How do you guys deal with nightmares?
I found this lecture, link inside, on DID, Dissociative Identity Disorder, to be interesting and informative. It is by Colin A Ross, pyschiatrist and author of many papers on DID and Trauma. PTSD and DID have some things in common.
Any experience with I.V. Ketamine?
I ONLY experience PTSD during PMS . Anyone else? I feel like I'm crazy.
How to deal with triggers and college
The synagogue
Just recently diagnosed
Celebrate victories: big and small!
Recently diagnosed with PTSD (long tldr at bottom)
Pushing Through
I jut had a terrible flashback to my event and I’m literally shaking.
Any advice on dealing with loud noises and flashes?
I want to start therapy but its too expensive
Tw: sexual assault Does anyone ever have periods of time where they think of their abuser a lot ?
My (23M) girlfriend (22F) of three years was severely sexually abused as a child. Now she wants to break up (again) over bonding issues, but this time it seems to be permanent. I need advice. (Possible triggers: non-detailed stuff about sexual abuse and automutilation)
My loved one disarmed a gunman.
Is it normal to be triggered by people who look (even loosely) like the person who hurt you?
Feeling of relief
Physical symptoms
Pregnant wife of PTSD survivor of trauma and abuse from childhood.
(NSFW) People whose PTSD prevents them from having sex, how do you cope with the physical side effects of abstinence?
My rapist appeared in my "people you may know" just now.
[TW] Can you experience ptsd symptoms from nearly being in a car accident or nearly being in multiple car accidents in a short time, say, 3 weeks?
How to deal with being able to perfectly remember traumatic event while having no emotions whatsoever about the memories?
Coming to terms with Dx
Chronic pain & PTSD
Needing support
Being put back in the situation
Occupational Health Hell
The Haven: Mental Health Support on Discord
Any experience treating your PTSD with Cymbalta?
How long did it take you to accept that the trauma(s) happened? How long to get help?
How much has PTSD changed you/your personality?
I'm thinking about getting a service dog and would like advice from those who have one.
It's still so fresh.
Advice about how to handle travel for work
I have been working with dogs lately.
Ptsd from childhood trauma and thebsteps taken after I was removed from my family’s home (trigger warning childhood trauma mentioned but not discussed in detail)
Does Anyone Else Feel Like a Totally New Person?
Has anyone else lost their sense of time?
Impending doom
On My Own
Does anyone ever want to... trigger themselves? Okay hear me out on this...
I don't know if I have PTSD but I had a Panic Attack
Last night was hard
Rollercoaster days any advice?
How do you deal with anger and frustration?
One of the weirder things I’ve noticed about PTSD
I don't have PTSD, but I am starting to show symptoms and it's awful.
Preparing for medical procedures with PTSD
Could I have PTSD?
Posting genius skateboarder to give you a beautiful distraction of pure symmetry
I struggle with leaving my house.
How do I learn to let myself be loved?
I have to get off my meds, and my PTSD is a million times worse as a result. I'm terrified.
Recently Diagnosed And Confused
Need help (TW childhood sexual assault)
Dad Tried to Gaslight Me...
Re-entering the workforce after time off
Can someone develop PTSD (or symptoms) from receiving repeated emotional abuse causing multiple suicide crises and attempts? Or is it more from being physically traumatized?
How to talk about trauma in therapy?
Can we talk about the importance of having a sense of humor?
I sit or stand facing the door at all chances so I can focus more on whatever I'm doing. I missed one of my first classes earlier this year, and was sat with my back facing the door. How do I move to the only place I can see the door without class mates assuming I'm being an asshole. Thanks.
Could addiction lead to PTSD?
For those of you that had abusers that wouldn't leave you alone but seem to have stopped eventually, how did you know that you're safe after years has finally passed, what did you do afterwards to move on with living your life.
Complex PTSD Chronicles
How to talk about trauma with your therapist?
To My Stalker
Was I molested? Or just harassed? (Possible trigger warning?)
So 15 years later now they tell me. V.A. never said anything...Kaiser say yeah dude u have PTSD https://youtu.be/Tnz9vhZGFBk
I shut down when my boyfriend says something totally normal and I am tired of it. Tips on how to not be like this?
Having a hard time
Shaking & trembling lasting for weeks after SE session
Self-Defense
Kids with your abuser?
Lack of support from other survivors ?
Too much time passed stuck in (analysis) paralysis and I'm (25F) sick of being afraid and not trying to make something of my life and not let what happened define me.
Atarax for anxiety
A few questions
The tiniest, shuffling, and slow steps
Quantifying PTSD
I need help
I feel ashamed when my trauma interferes with everyday life
Paxil and Prazosin
Welp it’s 4:49am and I still haven’t slept.
Too ashamed to get help
Just found this community, need some advice on some things that have been happening recently.
Need a new method of dealing with physiological issues and insomnia. Weed was the only thing that worked but I can’t smoke anymore (i get tested)
Can't stop the thoughts/memories. Tw childhood abuse
Smoking Weed Makes it Worse?
Hi, friends. I (M 17) need advise for my sister (F 19), who was diagnosed with PTSD about a year ago.
Propranolol for flashbacks? (40mg 3x a day)
Question about symptoms?
Triggered 2 years ago still having issues
I was diagnosed in 2013 with PTSD, but peeked at my chart and saw “Adjustment Disorder”?
Does PTSD Ebb and Flow? Or Is It Constant?
Does anyone else experience this?
I hate this
Struggling with Night Terrors and Partner's Re-Emergence into my Life [tw: child abuse, domestic violence]
Ileocecal valve disorder - long term side effect of trauma? Pretty sure
Complex PTSD
[TW] I (m18) have PTSD from getting assaulted and vicarious PTSD from my girlfriends assault
Trigger hangover?
I'm tired
Had a Panic Attack at Work, Broke Down Crying in Front of my Boss...
Work assignment triggering me... this day sucks
Why Do I Even Try Sleeping?
Death anniversary
Sleep and PTSD
Hey all. Recently I’ve been struggling with trust people, any advice would be greatly appreciated.
Teaching at-risk children
Feeling Wheel in 'Twine' Form
Why can’t I talk about it?
Oh hello randomly occurring flashbacks. Haven't seen you in a while. You suck. Please go away.
Exposure therapy and ptsd
Women with Health Concerns and PTSD
No one Understands
When youve become triggered and experienced a flashback, is it normal to feel a jolt of electricity associated with it?
Just want this all to end
Has anybody here ever been to McLean Hospital?
Family argument triggers me
So confused...(TRIGGER WARNING-sexual assault)
I don't understand how people dont register long term PTSD as a build up of events, especially some friends. Trigger warning- sexual assault and misscairages
How do you get mental health services at kaiser NorCal?
Combat stories (trigger warning)
Childhood amnesia?
What symptoms do you battle with and how do you manage?
Last night I had a huge trigger and this morning I feel awful
The numbness is terrible
More emotional off medication.
How many people have done EDMR and what were your experiences and results long term?
How to help my wife...anyone experienced this???
Trauma Survivor
Survivors of childhood trauma, how have you managed?
A Star Is Born
The dreams...
Hearing things
Not sure what I want with this post
I think I have PTSD from a thing and I could really use some advice?
CPT - I didn’t expect this to be so hard
Weighted blankets
How do you work through a trigger ?
Turn off intrusive thoughts
I'm having constant panic attacks prior to my trip.. tomorrow I leave to go back to where it all happened. I don't know how to cope.
Parenting with PTSD
You ever bottomed so hard that...
is it ok to take a break from school/work for a while to heal ptsd? Am I missing the prime of my life?
Been prescribed Prazosin, last night was my first night on it and I had a night terror
Crossposting people's personal experiences to make fun of or discredit them will result in a ban.
Work Accident (Explosion)
Managing PTSD
Anyone have experience with EMDR?
21[F] just diagnosed with PTSD, don’t know where to go from here.
Can someone tell me what happened to me, I don’t fully understand myself.
What type of support is best for you?
I was doing much better for a few weeks
Prazosin
i don’t know how to help my best friend
Omg I'm so humiliated right now
Are there any interests you formerly enjoyed which your trauma has taken away from you due to the fact that those interests now trigger you, and if so, do you even WANT to enjoy those interests again?
Lousy therapist, creepy landlord, abusive ex, abusive "family", support group, and PTSD
Anyone else get triggered by music stuck in their head?
PTSD from Bootcamp
Sometimes I feel like my partner will never understand me.
I forgot how bad my PTSD from SA really is until tonight
Triggered at work
My therapist said I wasn't raped/assaulted. I don't know what's happened to me anymore. TW: rape, sexual assault
Having the worst mental day ever. It’s scaring me
Anyone out there in Pittsburgh, PA who is getting decent treatment? I’m having a heck of a time finding good medical care. A relatively new therapist yesterday really messed me up. Thoughts?
Does anyone else do this?
Rough patch
Free Ptsd webinar intended for practitioners: The Neurobiology of Attachment with Pat Ogden, PhD, Dan Siegel, MD, Ruth Lanius, MD, PhD, and Ruth Buczynski, PhD [Video]
What should I expect going into trauma therapy? TW (??) eating disorders, dbt, abusive relationship, self destructive behaviours
An Earthquake during my study abroad
Some form of PTSD?
I can’t talk about what’s bothering me, because the fact that I can’t manage to talk about it is why it bothers me.
Dealing with relatives in denial?
(vent) After 2 years since incident, I don't think I can continue working (trigger warning)
Need your stories
Working In a Male Dominated Industry
Mind is blank for days following upsetting and traumatic incidents.
I hate triggers during happy moments
Another Night in Hell [Trigger warning]
My face gives me ptsd
Psilocybin and PTSD?
Trying to Convey My Innocence (my first post)
Anxiety Ticks?
I just don't know what to do with myself.
Feeling actual physical pain during flashbacks?
people who confronted their past and worked on it - was it worth it?
Does anyone ever just get tired of it all? Just wish that it was over? That you could step out of the emotions, anxiety, and flashbacks and walk away from the memories?
It's been 4 years
Inner tremor
Frustrated when I feel trauma is being compared
Telling Family about CSA/COCSA?
Trigger month!
I can’t go home for I don’t know how long, and I’d really just like someone to talk to
My friend lashed out at me because I am unemployed
I cant
Getting through a night is underrated
[Repost] Preparedness for employment questionnaire for NHS research
How do you cope with the nightmares (TW sexual assault nightmares)
DAE Experience the inability to speak while having a flashback?
Domestic life
Anyone tried an intensive outpatient program?
I feel like a black hole is in my chest
I feel like I’m slipping backwards
Where Does my PTSD Start and Other Diagnoses Begin?
Nearly forced to keep a baby.
How do you make peace with the abuser in your heart?
Help.
Can't feel happiness or joy anymore
Violence trigger. Strangled. No charges. Not handling it well.
Advice for dealing with hypervigilance
Dont let an acronym define who you are
So much time has passed. Is there any relief?
[deleted by user]
Having nightmares but can’t remember them
Just need to talk
Lazy or Unable?
Feel triggered by job interviews.
Trying to find connection (TW: rape, adoption, online sex crimes)
Free online resources for PTSD
Having ~that conversation~ with my professor?
Retreat for female childhood sexual abuse survivors
Dissociating with PTSD
Need recommendations for a good book on PTSD cause by childhood sexual abuse. x-post r/askpsychology
Does anyone else have issues with not be able to cry?
Obsession with death [possible tw]
Do any of you have "reverse" triggers? Stuff that immediately makes you happy or calm?
Sense memories?
How do you feel after a bad flashback?
Yesterday I had what I can Only Assume Was A Flashback... Looking For Advice
Flat Affect
I’m helpless watching my husband lose his battle with PTSD.
I listened to my demons.
Words of encouragement? (large crowds)
PTSD - Husband Not Understanding - Advice?
Random flashes of old memories
I was told i have ptsd but i fon’t want it to be true
Only a few more hours until it’ll have been 3 years. Feeling numb and afraid.
New memory of childhood abuse coming to me in nightmares? (nsfw,tw: physical, sexual abuse)
Online PTSD treatment study for Military/Veterans
Feeling defeated
Tonight is a bad night.
Anyone else just on a clock?
PTSD & SSDI
My partner has CPTSD and one of their main triggers is being around children. Are there others with similar experiences who could can share their stories, or help me understand how i can best provide support?
Is anyone here on disability for their PTSD?
Looking for MN therapist recommendations
Diagnosing Mental Health Issues, new documentary series
(TW?: Bomb) I don't want to return to the scene any more but I feel obligated to for work
Anxiety, Lethargy, Quick to Anger. Are my symptoms from PTSD?
PTSD workbooks/self-help books
Is this considered PTSD?
Don’t want to sleep
Good and bad
Triggered by a young student???
Spacing out?
Victim Impact Statement - Struggling
I can't bring myself to get my IUD removed.
TW: Sexual Assault; my therapist says I was sexually abused as a child, was I?
Just Diagnosed
Hey guys. I fucked up and I need your help.
Do you think she's lying?
Good jobs for when my mental health sucks???
Anyone know any trauma residential centers in Massachusetts that take Masshealth?
TW:suicide. I want to KMS more than ever. Have any of you guys felt this way...and got past it?
Daily fighting with CPTSD is fatiguing
I hate champagne corks.
Anyone else feel they've wasted most of their 'golden years' due to their condition
My therapist thinks I have C-PTSD
Do you ever wonder what your life would be like without PTSD?
Dealing with my past.
so many nightmares
[deleted by user]
Therapy bringing it all back up.
free webinar series starts today from NICAMB with dr Van Der Kolk, Steven Porges and more
Can anyone here help advise me?
Other people don't know how to react when I tell about my past
how to apologize to those you’ve pushed away?
I don't even know where to start unpacking
Suicide Survivor-PTSD
just one of those nights
Anniversaries
Can you develop PTSD from emotional abuse?
Things do get better
Spelling for Mild PTSD Panic
emotionally numb
Short documentary about revolutionary new treatment for PTSD and phobias
I’m slipping into a horrible, dark hole regarding my PTSD and I’m afraid I’ll never get out of it. I just never improve and now I’m having new problems and the other problems continue to worsen.
Can I Help my Ex? Possible ptsd/cptsd?
"complicated"
Seeking any and all advice from families of veterans
Help Driving
Are there effective free or low cost therapy or resources for people without medical coverage?
Romantic relationships become a hiding place for me in an otherwise hysterical world
Time off from work
Cant figure out what to call this.. (NSFW?)
Self fulfilling prophecy
Hell
Assistance Dogs
'Higher levels of PTSD among veterans'
I started therapy TW: mentions sexual assault and self harm
I have a lot of trouble having sex and it affects me.
New to this
Do i have ptsd?
Severe PTSD and new aparentment neighbors' dog barking
Therapist disregarded me & now I’m worried about seeking other help.
Dating Police Officer need advice
PTSD and premenstrual dysphoric disorder (PMDD) [rant]
PTSD and Dates/Times
I can feel myself slipping into an episode, how can I get out?
Anyone else have trouble relaxing completely?
Can PTSD cause pain hypersensitivity?
mental health Discord server
I made this piece long ago... just listened to it... Really wanted to share it with you all...
Feeling like my trauma isn't bad enough
Does anyone else find being in nature profoundly calming, healing and refreshing?
My recent ptsd diagnosis and the beginning of my journey. (Triggers listed but not discussed in detail)
Trauma focused CBT with EMDR, Combination therapy more effective?
I miss my intelligence
Intimacy after trauma
Embarrassing episodes
Some girls at a party saved me from getting raped again last night (Sexual assault TW)
Be mindful of our sensory overloads
Is it normal for PTSD to get worse years after the experience? I'm having a lot more issues lately and it has been 3.5 years.
My 8.5 year journey through hell: PTSD, psychosis, hospitalization, and coming back stronger.
Been dealing with this for 12 years. Finally started seriously looking for a therapist today. A vent and a victory. (TW: Rape)
Kavanaugh confirmation - feeling unsafe
Brain spotting?
My apartment complex supposedly has a routine inspection scheduled. (More in the comments)
My Elderly Grandparents Continue to Support My Childhood Sex Trafficker/Mom
I got my diagnosis yesterday.
Monday marked 8 years since I ran away from a cult and abusive mom. Today I am eloping with my best friend of 6 years and the love of my life. He taught me what it means to be truly loved and respected. He stood by me during my darkest times and has never stopped believing in me.
Just a few weeks shy of the anniversary of my cat's passing
I’m doing the unthinkable
I Lost it on my Mother
I had a realization that is messing with me, share some positive words please
*UPDATE* My brothers wedding. He is inviting my abuser, I was going to go but can't. He says I owe him. Link to the first post below
I think I triggered my sister accidentally watching YouTube and now I’m really upset and concerned for her wellbeing
Sensory overload and ptsd
Instagram
PTSD is making everything that was already there so much worse.
Triggered by Social Situations
Crossposted from r/anxiety. My PTSD from past sexual trauma(s) and PTSD from a recent medical trauma is combining to make sleep impossible and life miserable. I need support and advice, and felt this sub might be more appropriate for the issues I’m having.
How do you handle work?
Cross posted from r/anxiety: my PTSD is in full force and I cannot sleep at all because of it. I’m convinced I’m dying every night and panic for hours on end. A medical trauma I experienced in July exacerbated old PTSD due to sexual trauma and now it’s all just crushing me. I need support.
How to stop being on edge?
How to shun this feeling!!! Urgent!!!
Compassion Fatigue - I think I am done
So I fucking bailed...
Mouse in the house, and nightmares all night
Planning a happy event on the day of trauma
For people whose PTSD is triggered by "gunshot types of noise", does it get better with time?
I had a really bad time a month or two back and I feel like things are starting to get bad again. (trigger warning)
[Trigger Warning] In a bad place lately
[deleted by user]
[NSFW] Just had an attack that reduced me to a ball on the floor
To all the sexual assault survivors here. I hear you. I believe you. Your pain is valid. No matter what our 'friends' say on Facebook about the Kavanaugh hearing. We have each other.
I hate having to explain my issues over and over again when it comes to sex.
Triggered by Kavanaugh hearing. This post is better suited here I suppose.
Misdiagnosed with schizoaffective, actually have PTSD with psychosis?
My insurance just rejected paying for therapy, so now I owe hundreds of dollars in session bills and once again have no healthy way of dealing with everything. I feel lost and betrayed.
Army Reserve Soldier looking for suggestions and help
I can’t be in crowds of people
[deleted by user]
Flustered
Feeling disconnected from people, dissociation and hypervigilance
Hyperarousal, restlesness
I have PTSD, Bipolar, and OCD and I have trouble distinguishing which behavior is a result of those three things and which behaviors are my own.
I've started therapy for PTSD and it's flooding me with all of the original anxiety and anger over what I went through and I verbally took it out on someone.
Study: A Diet Enriched with Curcumin Impairs Newly Acquired and Reactivated Fear Memories
I started new meds and I feel better :)
Melt down this past weekend
Help I'm having a ptsd attack
Advice on jobs from home!
I want my birthday back. Triggers galore.
ebb and flow of good days/weeks and bad days/weeks
Craving abuse? TW
Self-Care Day
My PTSD diagnosis gave me hope
nightmares
ARGHHH!! I swear, every news item is a trigger these days (TW: Sexual assault, victim being slandered).
My trauma (NSFW tag)
Upset by my panic response
How to Express Anger in Therapy?
I really miss my cat.
First annual job review... triggered
This week is my 10th prolonged exposure session. Here is my experience.
Onset delayed ptsd
Recovery? (not sure if this posted the first time)
Anniversary Reactions?
Help with “ptsd nightmares”
Does looking at news or social media relating to your trauma trigger you?
How did you react to your diagnosis?
[Repost] Take part in NHS research that will donate money to #mentalhealth charities!
Breath
[deleted by user]
Need advice
My abuser and anti-sexual assault posts
Reported an associate for making rape jokes, manager tells everyone to be careful with what they say around me because I might get them fired
Childhood Sexual Abuse Survivor
i feel like it’s interfering with my sex life
TW: PTSD and new drug are leading me to active thoughts of suicide
I know this maybe a a stupid question. Can you have ptsd from multiple events or is it typically specific to one event?
Triggered by knocking over a water bottle after my first car accident.
[venting] Molester is out of jail.
How did you overcome chronic emotional numbness? Inability and lack of desire to develop a connection with others (platonic or romantic)?
What is it like to wake up from a PTSD nightmare?
My best friend kinda triggers me. Please help me find a way to fix this.
Orgasms are my trigger. What can i do?
Its everywhere.
Today something happened to me (trigger warning)
People deciding on how other people need to act during trauma.
How to Heal in a Timely Manner?
Does anyone here have experience with Prazosin?
First Post Ever!
My girlfriend (26) has PTSD from a traumatic childhood. I'm (28) being the best version of myself I can be, but our progress has stalled. My heart can't take much more of this...
PTSD and Migraines
Diagnosed with PTSD and unable to afford therapy.
Disorientation and other symptoms that I don’t know how to work around
I'm pulled over right now
20 years of untreated PTSD - Car Crash (warning, details may be disturbing to some)
How do I stop gaslighting myself?
Spiraling
emotional trauma caused by unorthodox relationship in family
Hi! I'd like to see what some of you over here have to say about my situation, I havent really had much outside opinion.. especially from those who have experienced a sexual type trauma..
I feel stuck as an 8 year old girl
Hey there everyone, I haven’t posted on here in a while but I just need to rant somewhere.
How can I help ptsd wife get to therapy?
I think I'm having nightmares I can't remember
How to juggle facing your trauma and college
It is " normal" to have this abrupt changes
Finally some progress for me (sexual assault trigger warning)
Mother of a Teen Dealing with PTSD: How Can I Help Her?
Things do get better.
My stepdad caused a really bad flashback to my time living with my abusive dad
Not sure if I have PTSD, but I don't feel well.
Facebook Friend Suggestion: Ex-Abusive Boyfriend
Taking a mental break
How you treat survivors of sexual assault say everything about your character
Any other people with trauma due to nearly drowning?
Survivor Letter Collection for sexual violence survivors with PTSD
Survivor Letter Collection for survivors of sexual violence with PTSD
Do I still have ptsd.
A Guided Self-Help Video to Help Overcome PTSD & Trauma
flashbacks
Can anyone give me some advice on how to deal with this, please? (Trigger warning - emetophobia)
I blacked out but was still awake?
HELP: Landlord Denying My ESA Letter
Being triggered by a location - is it healthy to avoid it?
Has anyone else started to move/talk in their sleep due to PTSD?
Not actively suicidal, but cant stop thinking about death
Panic attacks
Paranoia triggered by anyone who vaguely fits a mental description
[deleted by user]
What’s one thing you wish people would understand about PTSD?
Is it possible to suffer from a "mini" version of PTSD from a car crash?
What’s so,etching you wish people would understand about PTSD
Triggering in a relationship
I can never escape my trauma (tw: parental emotional abuse, suicide attempt mention)
Blood rushes to major muscle groups during fight-or-flight response, triggering the need to exert force through this muscles to relieve tension. Is this considered an involuntarily muscle movement?
i feel i can never find love or someone who loves me for being damaged with ptsd...
Weird question but I’m wondering what happened
I keep telling myself to”get over it”
I'm not sure if I have ptsd
Does anyone take Abilify for PTSD?
Random anger and a confusing thing (NSFW maybe?)
Differentiating “Dreams” vs. Reality?
Dating someone the past couple months
Losing control of speech/drawing a blank
Getting Worse Before I Get Better
Why I didn't report (TW Sexual Abuse)
Feeling as if you’re literally about to throw up—but don’t?
I just don't know what to do for myself or what to say anymore. (Long vent. Medical malpractice trauma/emetophobia)
PTSD after my Dog Died
First healthy relationship, ptsd popping up, and how and when to talk to your partner about it.
I feel like I'm addicted to the memory.
Why I did report.
I wouldn't go as far as saying I have PTSD, but can past bullying cause some of the symptoms?
I wouldn't go as far as saying I have PTSD, but can bullying cause some of the symptoms?
Thank you
Why I Didn't Report
I feel like I can't catch a break
I’m going to join my boyfriend on an alcohol break.
Feelings of guilt?
A Video about my trauma, my meds, my therapy, my progress, what's normal?
that dropping feeling just came back
Is there a trigger filter on Android?
Self Help and Self Care Resources (Re-post)
Getting it out
Saw my abuser today....
Got PTSD from abusive fatherfigure, thinking about killing him
My abusers little sisters came into my workplace
Are tactile flashbacks and body memories the same thing?
Does anyone act over the top nice when they feel at thier worst ?
I’m embarrassed when people ask what my PTSD dog is for
Friend of a friend confessed to a crime
Unsure what to do
Mod update: I for one welcome our new Automoderator overlords
Any articles dealing with Childhood medical trauma and PTSD?
How does lack of energy/focus correlate with what you experience and how successful you feel you are in life?
Can’t escape triggers?
childhood medical torture - a fraction of my story
Do ptsd flashbacks ever fucking stop
Book recommendation
DAE watch survival shows for nostalgia?
Something that helped my PTSD get so much better
A Journey to Find Some Light
Personal Independent Payment (disability living allowance)
Do people with PTSD tend to pace?
wanting to be left alone!
It's owie
I hate when reddit discuses rape, sexual assault, and the trauma involved.
Having PTSD from losing 2 loved ones.
any light-hearted ptsd discords ?
Relationships
On the 12th night (short rant)
Panic Attack resurgence
Anniversary
Early Morning Panic Attacks
19years and still experiencing ptsd?or is it not?
HRV and PTSD
Weight gain after a traumatic event?
It took me 5 years before getting help
[TW: Rape] Just a vent, I guess
Was doing better, now much worse.*trigger warning*
How do I help my boyfriend who has PTSD?
The "hangover" of guilt and embarrassment after and episode.
Struggling with ADL’s
My husband has PTSD and I want to understand
Hopeless. How to deal?
[deleted by user]
Applying For Long Term Disability in Canada
I’ll listen
Neighbor noise :(
how do I cope with unemployment?
Panicking.
Undiagnosed PTSD: Hell
A little bit of my story and some venting
A quote from "The PTSD Workbook"
moving through the trigger
Does anyone else experience dissociation from their period?
Klonopin doesnt work
PTSD Recovery Why Medications?
What you do to cope with irritability?
I tried to explain my ptsd to a councillor. Her response made me feel like I was talking shit.
T/W Does PTSD come and go? I saw my friend die and I need advice
Severe Anxiety Ruining My Days
EMDR question
TW: sexual trauma / showers
I hate bus drivers
Who to involve?
Getting worse
My boss is mad that I have PTSD
My boyfriend was triggered a flashback and I just needed to get this out.
Tell me about relapses
Telling my brother about...
Last night I was scared to turn the lights off. Literally scared of the dark, like a child.
My story is a little different...
Supplements/Vitamins/Herbs helpful for PTSD?
New Counsellor
I thought I was done with this
Do I have a minor form of PTSD, or am I just being a little bitch about this situation? (LONG POST)
NSFW I've watched too many people die
Bad Night, Need Support
Embarrassed and looking for advice: Found my father dead and preformed CPR 5 years ago. Afraid to go to the doctor.
Free Help to Vets....
I think I have minor PTSD. I'm experiencing a repeated weird psychological experience following a car crash
Dead Dog on the Left - A Story of War, Friendship and Healing
Where to start?
I don't think I could live here for much longer
Better Left Buried?
reading my VA records makes me want to vomit
What calms your panic
Therapist wants.me to write down in detail
Does anyone else have this experience?
[Long Read - TWs for sexual abuse, suicide talk, abandonment talk, drug talk] I'm hoping I can let out some feelings I've had the last couple of weeks. It's too hard to keep it all in my head and I just need a safe space.
Ok with my bad viewpoints
Trouble with emoting (facial expression).
[Repost] Take part in NHS research that will donate money to #mentalhealth charities!
Just realized the song "Zombie" by The Cranberries is about PTSD
Sudden feeling that you are out of control of your own body?
Undiagnosed, could this be PTSD?
Worst flashbacks in a very long time (TW child/infant loss)
Partner of a C-PTSD sufferer. Relationship starting to dissolve.
What’s the Difference between PTSD from different causes?
OxfordMedicine; "inflammatory cytokines have been shown to affect the brain, and may influence neural circuits of fear and anxiety to contribute to PTSD symptoms."
What spices fight inflammation? And PTSD IS, itself, chronic inflammation?
Responsivity with Autism & C-PTSD
First appointment soon, in urgent need of advice
Was in "active shooter" situation yesterday and don't know how to cope (CW: gun violence, derealization)
I don’t know where else to go
Can’t relax when my girlfriend drinks at home
My ride with PTSD
What medications do you recommend for PTSD?
It's hitting so hard right now
Newby to this sub but PTSD sufferer for 9 years now. Has anyone else's body just started falling apart after their event?
Anyone feel their PTSD isnt real because the trauma you experience seem so mild?
supplements i have been loving.
I would give up everything just to feel safe
Have PTSD from long term harassment/bullying... Any1 similar here
He just told me it was my fault.
Do you ever...?
Can't even look at my boyfriend...
Tried to workout the details of employment with new employer... bolted out the door. /rant
Realization: Too much emotion with PTSD is like overflowing a cup, and happiness with PTSD is like slowly stretching a muscle
I dont know what to do - 23/m
Does the person you used to be come back after therapy?
Trying Zyprexa
PTSD Survival Checklist
Stigma in workplaces
Does anyone else have increased nightmares/flashbacks as the anniversary of the incident occurred?
I want to talk about friendships
*possible trigger warning* I grew up just outside of New York City, and today is one of the hardest days of the year for me.
PTSD - Now what?
PTSD is effecting my work and I am terrified
Help/Advice? 10 year anniversary
DAE return to the "scene" of their assault by choice for any particular reason?
How long have you been(or were you) going to therapy/counseling/etc. ?
Does anyone else’s voice change when talking about their trauma?
Diagnosed with PTSD at 30. Weird denial.
Advice please
Tips for getting time-sensitive work done.
Ex was emotionally abusive texted me
Getting Worse
Ruined a lifelong friendship over a PTSD nightmare
I can't stand another moment being so scared all the time
Does anyone experience episodes like this? If so, tips please ):
Going through a hard time just wanted to make a post to hopefully support one another if you are also going through flair ups, tiredness from dealing and other symptoms.
My first sexual assault happened when I was 10. I'm 33 now and about to start therapy for PTSD. I'm scared as hell.
Purposely triggering myself (TW: child abuse)
[deleted by user]
I need some kind of non-judgemental feedback, please. I hope this is an OK place for that.
When I’m down and I get a good wish:
Do you tell the people close to you when you've had a flashback around them?
[deleted by user]
Dear Brain, you repressed that shit for a reason. Don’t go randomly remembering it, especially without warning.
I don’t feel angry?
Why do I keep making people hurt me? My dad even says I do. I’m the problem
I almost hit someone with my car
How to deal with coworkers who trigger your ptsd.
My first one. (TW: suicide mention/emotional abuse)
Could use some clarity please
My landlord came by my house and..
NO WAY OUT!!!
Tips on how to handle panic attacks
I hate Walmart.
Treating anxiety vs complex ptsd
School system isn’t helping at all.
Study: A diet enriched with curcumin impairs newly acquired and reactivated fear memories.
Spin the wheel - ptsd or bipolar 1?
Accidentally triggered a friend’s PTSD today. Don’t know how to fix this.
I just heard of "microdosing" psychedelics
Please, I need help to not freeze up when confronted about feelings!!
Ranting, I guess. I’m just so tired...
[deleted by user]
Moving in with my abuser?
I’m in a bad place
Strategies for dealing with intrusive thoughts?
Service dog for child
Cancer survivor with questions
Erratic triggers
Seeing your source of trauma
nightmares keep getting more detailed
I completely changed my physical appearance after my abuse, is this normal?
Meds/PTSD/Assault
Bf has combat ptsd. Has anyone thought about leaving? Or done it?
Does PTSD have an impact on your sex drive?
[deleted by user]
Avoiding funerals/other events with triggering family that you've purposely avoided for years.
Imposter syndrome
Can’t sleep, can’t eat, can’t unsee, can’t unsmell
5 fucking years
The journey of finding a new (trigger)
has your bank account ever been hacked before?
Hyper-vigilance?
[deleted by user]
Concerned about intensifying symptoms
Multiple Day Long Episode? I didn't realize that was possible.
A national trauma response ministry helped survivors of this deadly Tennessee church shooting heal
Choosing beliefs after spiritual abuse | Cult Recovery 101
Is something wrong with me or am I just being stupid? (trigger warning: abuse, suicidal thoughts)
DAE experience 'Anniversary Reactions'?
Will this ever fucking go away?
Need motivation to be vulnerable
For some, experiencing minor trauma may act as a form of cognitive training that increases their mental control - Study
I feel mentally and emotionally stuck at a young age because of the trauma
Relationships
Lavender oil for heart palpitations
Feeling frustrated and I need to rant
Grounding for severe dissociation
Just wanted to share some advice I was given.
Difficulty with basic tasks
Cant find a sitter = cant go to therapy
Give Yourself Credit
found a new job
I sometimes can’t sleep - any advice?
Nostalgia for pre-trauma life? (Tw sexual assault)
Do you obsess over flaws in another person as a form of hyper-vigilance?
How are you doing?
Study: Inflammation in PTSD
I've been diagnosticated with PTSD
I feel my friends drifting
Not sure when to tell the person I'm dating
I'm stuck in a self destructive mind set and don't know where to turn.
Help, how to do something I avoid?
I was extremely harassed on Saturday and I’ve been having trouble trying to cope or figure out what to do next.
Dealing with invasive memories
Pay Abuse Back!
It’s back again
How do you get out of a deep dug hole?
The pain of the enmity
I think I need help....
Last day of therapy was yesterday.
Day 3 of taking turmeric: PTSD symptoms are 70% better!
Odd problem for here
Lost job due to ptsd related absences
I finally filed a police report against two of my perpetrators
My cousin has PTSD from sexual assualt. and I'm trying my best to help but its hard.
How do you keep this from defining you in a relationship?
Do this happen to anyone?
Preventable?
A writing for encouragement
PTSD, Family, Churches, & Weddings
Uncontrolled self loathing. [TW: Suicidal thoughts]
You are worth it!
I feel like PTSD is a death sentence. I’m 35 years old and I don’t want to live long enough to see 36. The abject loneliness is not something that I see a way through. And when the pain comes, it’s like trying to swim in a vat of molasses.
Death of an abuser
Anyone feel like therapy makes them feel(do) worse?
I feel terrible
Found this to be interesting.
Should i file for dissability ?
Intrusive thoughts
I'm considering getting a biofeedback machine. Do any of you have positive experiences with these?
Ever since I was diagnosed with PTSD I can't smoke weed
not sure what to do about my PTSD from car accidents
how do i bring up the possibility and concern about ptsd to my doctor? is ptsd after a suicide attempt a thing?
How to deal with PTSD nightmares
Landlord not respecting PTSD
How do I begin to talk to a counselor about my sexual abuse?
My anger is just getting worse .. I wasn’t sure where to post this because I’m positive it’s related to my PTSD.
I’m alone and don’t have anyone to help me. What do I do?
Going home this weekend=triggering
It is PTSD or Paranoia?
Triggering emotions without the associated memory?
How do I get over feeling uncomfortable with sex?
You know what I hate???
Boyfriend wants me to start birth control
Want to accurately portray PTSD in a novel
How do I make things easier on my boyfriend?
Going home is triggering
normal or not??
Very confused as to what is happening to me. Need advice
TIL internal monologue can trigger PTSD symptoms as well.
Just woke up from a horrible nightmare and I am afraid of what I may do.
How can I avoid triggering my boyfriends PTSD?
PTSD is destroying my life.
Repressed memories and ptsd
In-Laws are triggers.
I feel badly for my friend
PTSD from a severe asthma attack (near death story.)
Having a rough night, need advice
(possible tw for violence)Threatened at train station. Don't know what to do
Curcumin may help PTSD symptoms, studies found.
Is this normal?
Anyone else believe they have ptsd over something that technically shouldn't have done it?
Best way to help someone out of thought loops?
Self Hate
So I Have ptsd?
Dog will not stop barking
My PTSD is creeping back... how do you cope when this happens?
Medical trauma [TW: Medical content]
Accepting ptsd
How long did it take you all to accept your diagnosis? (TW for vague mentions of abuse, but not details)
Unlocking repressed memories from childhood
Group therapy
Advice for a incest victim?
Anyone complete job retraining or obtain workplace disability?
Initial diagnosis of PTSD- Due to go back to work in two weeks & don't feel ready.
Curious about EMDR
Lack of spouse support, unsure how to proceed
sleep anxiety
My Ghost
My Life Isn't Really Getting Any Better
PTSD therapy - does it work?
PTSD from a car accident- 02/24/17
Feeling worst
a humorous personal low
Regress
prazosin experiences?
TW (sexual assault and nightmares)
I don't know if this question belongs here, but I have a question about PTSD an memory
Best and worst year of my life
another dream about my abuser last night
Tw suicide: a customer told me "thanks for everything" because I was quick with their parcel and ahead of schedule thid morning
I found that reminding my self that I am free helps me greatly.
I got so angry tonight.
Inpatient/ treatment centers
Dealing With Trauma, Could Use Some Help.
Experimental/holistic/non-traditional treatments
Service dogs?
Sexual abuse nightmares preventing sleep
"Waking up " from flashbacks that have been severe off and on for a month. I think I found the trigger.
PTSD and dating
The accident that changed my life...
Discomfort during sex possibly related to EMDR?
I’m a weepy, emotional mess tonight.
Hi. I witnessed a suicide. NSFW
I feel like I'm becoming an oversharer. Help me?
Anger & Impulsive Decisions
I’m so tired I have no energy, but I don’t want to eat anything
Can blunted affect be changed by the "fake it til you make it" attitude?
Any opiate and or benzodiazepine addicts?
I’m diagnosed with complex PTSD? How do I cope?
PTSD about alcohol,
Am I ever going to feel ok?
Wearing out on social interaction really fast
Any hotlines for non-vets that experienced war related truma?
I have a trauma disorder caused primarily by neglect and my memory is just so bad. I think it’s a blessing to have shitty long term memory but the short term memory is a curse. Has anyone had luck with any supplements or anything for short term memory retention?
Hit by a car ptsd
Trauma Anniversary
Anniversary
who should i tell?
I need these recent suicidal thoughts to go away
Therapy assignment?
Abuse relationship I need help
Feeling good for now
How do you cope with self destructive urges?
Tried but can’t
Anyone have any luck with seroquill?
Psychopaths, Sociopaths & Anarchists Discord Server
Good news!!
The man who raped me got transferred to a new prison and it’s making my PTSD flare up bad
It was not my fault
I’m having a really difficult time coming back from a PTSD nightmare.
sometimes i hate my memory
What gave you ptsd?
Rant & a question
I was told by my uncle that men don't cry
First trip to the doctor, again.
Triggered at work :( so bad I had to switch buildings
Anyone else get bored of having PTSD?
Anyone else get bored?
Tired of having zero relationships for 12 years
Honking
Thank you this subreddit!
Do you have psychogenic seizures?
I am a "rager"
Do you guys 'hold on' all the time too?
How to love someone with PTSD?
How Can I Help?
Will I ever be more normal again?
Floating - sensory deprivation
Soak-the-bed Night Sweats?
Could my GFs intimacy problems be a symptom of PTSD?
[deleted by user]
Disassociation and Combating Repression
Is PTSD supposed to be this hard?
Looking for advice
I feel like I can't socialize properly since the trauma
How do you focus?
Mood swings?
Triggers - ex hanging out with man who assaulted me
Triggered
PTSD should not make me look less to coworkers.
Invisible
Major in Sociology with PTSD ??
Weighted blanket
No therapist, no one knows
I'm not sure what this is but i think its triggered by stress?
Sudden flare of symptoms
Has anyone else looked up/searched for their abuser?
What does disassociation feel like for you?
Am I being irrational? ( I don’t think I am but im not sure what to think)
Overwhelmed
EMDR Negative Side Effects
Damn joke
Damn joke
Shitty time...
Scared to go through therapists
Fcked up my meds
Headaches after PTSD dreams?(trigger warning!!)
Where do I start?
Need Help - Anniversary Date - lots of pain [TW]
When you have someone who truly loves you to help you, things arent always so dark
Does eye contact trigger the “fight or flight” for anyone else?
Does anyone else lie about little things?
Is this progress? [Possible triggers]
Starting over, growing pains I didn't expect, and a hopeful new future...
Funny how I can be doing so well for so long, then all of a sudden I’m right back where I started
4th EMDR Session: Not Perfect...But Progress
Support groups - helpful or no?
Waiting for an apology that will never come
Has anyone else had trouble seeking help from a local center?
I feel free for the first time in my life!
Panic
What to do when your PTSD manifests neurological and immunological responses?
Cutting myself off from mother
Will it ever be over?
carbamazepine
Somatic therapy for healing PTSD?
I think about my trauma non stop. What can I do?
I'm forgetting my whole life
Positive at night, negative in the mornings? Anyone else?
How do I find a support animal?
isolation and loneliness in wake of heightened depression and PTSD symptoms
30/f - Confession. [TW]
I had a "breakthrough" in therapy and its ruining my life. I feel like I need to share It? I talk about sex in here.
My physician doesn’t believe that I have PTSD from my fathers death and it’s driving me crazy right now
i was pulled over tonight
How to de-escalate reactions to triggers or flashbacks?
Do you recommend EMDR?
How to stop being angry?
My therapist said I had childhood trauma but I can’t seem to accept it
How can I calm down at night?
romantic relationships????
Sometimes when I'm having a ruff time with flashbacks.
Family Reaction to Serious Trauma
Talking to family about ptsd
I worked up the nerve to talk to my ex's mom and i semi-regret it
Dreaming Problems
Suffering from PTS nightmares--do they resolve with time?
dealing w/ chronic PTSD and AH
Yelling out while dreaming
please help me interpret this moment with my therapist
Chewing Gum and PTSD - Good or bad?
Recently Diagnosed - How do others deal with Panic Attacks at work?
Is it my PTSD or should I be scared?
Website to help those with psychological disorders! Share your story!
Rage
Isolation
Out of my comfort zone
Today I stand up to my CEO
DAE compulsively clean when having mild flashbacks?
Hearing Voices
Psych nurse thinks I have PTSD, unsure (tw death, drugs, overdoses, suicide, etc.)
First diagnosis yesterday
Anxiety of this video
Not getting anywhere, possible triggers.
Anxity problem
Stressed to the MAX
Cannot Relax
Robbed at gun point last night
Feel like my disease doesn’t matter
Obsession with strength
Anniversary
Exploring Remedies
Paramedic/911 Dispatcher dealing with panic attacks, depression, anxiety
Anonymous blog.
Tips for those who can't afford therapy?
Was I abused? (Is this PTSD)
Having my 3rd son seems to have set my mind back 12 years.
Tips on how to be supportive of boyfriend while going through therapy?
I messed up really bad... warning: gross, triggers, etc.
I'm scared and i don't know if its normal
So scared and alone
How to let go of fear?
Got denied for adopting a cat
My band wrote this song about PTSD and suicide
'Me and My Beast' A poem I wrote a while ago to inspire myself I thought I'd share it.
I had a moment that scared me last night. How do I stop living in survival mode?
1 year anniversary, of the popularity of 'hashtag me too', in 2 months.
Partner of PTSD
Partner with PTSD - support him, support myself?
DV and POW. Same and different.
Idk if I have ptsd or not but here’s what happened to me
How can I help someone during a flashback?
You Guys Are The Best
8 years tomorrow
Feeling triggered and my symptoms are getting worse
Responding to insensitive comments from friends?
I just got "not all men"'d and I'm hella annoyed.
Cannabis and PTSD
Ketamine & PTSD
Constant existence is so tiring. However I would never want to die. I feel so trapped.
Terrible neighbors.
I recently realized I have PTSD. I didn't even consider it before I was told by multiple people. I'm not a rape victim or a Veteran so I feel weird saying it. I got raided by the FBI. A couple months later I lost consciousness when my car literally exploded and set me on fire.
Aesthetics and PTSD
As an extent to yesterday's grounding methods, here're some coping ideas. 🌸
I finally did it
Strange emotions
Help me raise awareness
Just stopped myself from going into a full blown panic attack and he didn’t even notice.
I didn't know that I had it, and now that I do, it's ruining my life.
Put together some grounding exercises and such for dissociation/flashbacks/etc.. Hope it helps🌸
You ever want to do something you know you can do with your life,
I feel like I just wasted everyone's time
[deleted by user]
I wrote something about my recent struggles, because I have a hard time talking about this stuff in person. It may be too long,
Wanting to totally isolate myself and end all relationships (friends, family, acquaintances) due to impulsive self-triggering behaviour.
Help please
What to flashbacks look like to you?
possible PTSD of some type
What happened to me?
Is Trump triggering anyone else’s ptsd?
I can't get help because that implies talking about it
Hey, does anyone suffer memory issues?
DAE suffer from psychogenic non-epileptic seizures?
Unexplained Bruising Anniversary Effect - please help
LAUNCH OF PTSD COMMUNITY / PEER SUPPORT GROUP FOR ALL SOUTH AFRICAN RESIDENTS AND SOUTH AFRICAN EX-PATS
Feeling lost and in need of help
I dont want to go home
Thinking its best to just REALLY be alone to not get worse? *TRIGGER WARNING*
What do I do about these night terrors? They’re eating away at me.
How do you process new traumatic things?
Is nausea normal when I flashback?
Seriously bad PTSD episode
I didn't realize it was PTSD until I went from fine to moody to crying into my husband's shoulder in the span of 5 minutes.
Just diagnosed
The Haven: 18+ General Mental Health Peer Support Discord Chat
I’m a little hesitant to share my experiences but I could really use the support from y’all
Ways to stop a panic attack?
I think I have PTSD.
Do the nightmares ever go away?
My therapist keeps telling me the abuser in my family is actually a good person... it's fucking with my head
so many people are here for me but i'm still unsafe
Help..
Does anybody feel better when they rock their bodies or they purposely hyperventilate themselves
Help me with my master's studies and my research to advocate for PTSD people!
Guys, I just realized he was wrong!
Are unrelated triggers even a thing?
Are you afraid to "feel too much," even positive emotions?
Feeling hopeless
How do I deal with an entire season creating more intense symptoms?
BDSM therapy
When does it get better?
Won’t be seeing boyfriend for 4 or 5 days after breakthrough therapy appointment and I’m sad.
Lost my job, need a bit of guidance and advice please.
Meds for anxiety/agrophobia
Triggered by loud noises, mom wants to help
PTSD and Braces? (Nsfw/trigger warning)
LSD horror
Childhood Repressed Memories
Greetings people! I was just wondering, what are some negative things people have said to you about PTSD or about your trauma?
Dealing with RATIONAL paranoia/ptsd symptoms?
I let ptsd get the better of me and ruin my relationship
Found my murdered daughter
Working with rapist lookalike *trigger warning
I didn't get PTSD from War and I'm tried of everyone in my life telling me its invalid because of that.
You know what I hate the most?
How do you learn not to be afraid of sex and intimacy?
Do you ever want someone to hit you
I’m a teacher being bullied. And I’m talking.
An urge to enlist
PTSD from an STD
Are we doomed to be toxic to other people?
PTSD and wanting to re expose oneself to dangerous situations to cope
He grabbed me and my cig went flying and burned me then he pinned me down
PTSD / medical marijuana card
How to tackle mind wanting to disassociate and repress?
Did I just waste my money on a ketamine shot?
Any South Africans with PTSD here?
How to help a friend with severe PTSD?
If I'm able to openly and calmly talk about it, does it mean I'm not traumatized?
[Video] "What Is PTSD, Exactly?"
It happened again
I still dream about being back there. It’s not as bad anymore.
NSFW: (Suicide Trigger) Borderline-like Behavior Lead me to the ER
Coping with epidsodes
Exercise with Power Plate - afraid that shaking will release trauma and I break down in the gym
Potential Treatments I find Helpful...
Has any one found themselves isolated and lonely because they have trouble connecting to ppl?
I feel lost.
Tips on validating your diagnosis?
Good day!
I am really struggling to cope and I don't know what to do anymore
Violent Thoughts/Urges
has anyone used a stand in bad person in nightmares and then suddenly started dreaming about the real person?
Techniques to deal with dissociative absorption?
Struggling to believe you "deserve" to have PTSD
Too scared of nightmares to fall asleep
Some progress :)
A Powerful Way to Diffuse Anxiety/Depression You Probably Haven't Tried
Has anyone opened up to your boss or HR about PTSD? How did it go?
Dating & Socializing - cycles of bravery and fear
I am having an issue and wondering if anyone else has had similar issues
Can PTSD trigger OCD?
i Have never felt more suicidal or alone as i do right now.
My wife has C-PTSD and I don't know how to support her anymore.
Coworker of mine is pissed, and I I don't want him to hurt me
Why did I think I could watch 50 shades of grey
I dont want to hurt him because of my ptsd
2 years after: stress coping skills diminished and finding it hard to manage basic work, but I'm broke!!
Flashbacks or something else?
Flashbacks or something else?
Do i have ptsd?
How to stop triggers in public places like school?
How can I make my girlfriend feel safe?
Birthdays are hard.
Need support? We want to help!
Tips and Resources for PTSD Recovery
How do I avoid further associating stressfull situation with these feelings and with this person?
Advice re: my partner has a hard time with my ptsd symptoms. How can I help them to understand? What tools can I suggest?
Is this child abuse?
I'm hearing something outside?
Already called the police
Hello! Just wondering if this is something I need to worry about
Free online treatment for Veterans and active military
is there really no legal protection for us at work?
Living is hard but dying is just too easy and would mean I survived for nothing.
Living with anxiety /sexual and high stress ptsd
Going to the dentist.
Very triggered today, please talk to me?
I Am Not Ok
Does anyone ever get stuck on the idea of getting some form of revenge?
Changeup of PTSD symptoms?
Is it possible for PTSD to show up years later?
Snapped & Cried Today
Flashbacks have me feeling ashamed, helpless
How often do you get nightmares?
When people don't care!
Is thinking up stories before bed really a "C-PTSD symptom"?
“You’re intelligent and with more effort you can control it.”
Rage dreams
Catatonia or disassociation?
[PSA] If you are approached by a "journalist" who found you in this sub, please politely decline-- for your sake AND theirs.
Newly (almost) diagnosed
Doc doesn't write accommodation letters
Are these signs of PTSD? or could it be depression? What do I do?
My 'Hangover' Movie experience [Real Story]
I Get Temporary Amnesia After I Dig Up Repressed Childhood Memories - Am I Alone?
One of my favorite coworkers who doesn’t know about my condition just walked by my desk and (intentionally) smacked the metal wall of my file cabinet with his ring hand to make me jump and now I’m going into hysterics
How do I cope with feeling numb? (tw for DV mention)
Just diagnosed with PTSD
Interview with former U.S. soldier/current psychologist on PTSD & Sleep (YouTube series)
My best friend who also had PTSD died from a fatal combination of prescription drugs.
How do I cope being back home
Do you admit your disability when applying for a job ??
I'd love to clear things up a bit...
Thinking about training to write with non-dominant hand
I got diagnosed with cPTSD at seven years old, but I didn’t know about it until well after I became an adult. I didn’t investigate it then, but recent events have led me to question whether I should now. (This is long, TLDR at the top.)
PtSD after assault at work VENTING
Do i have ptsd( sorry if i actually dont and this offends anyone)
Getting Your Power Back
How do you respond to the “triggered” “joke”?
[deleted by user]
We have to fight.
My adopted son has PTSD, will it get easier for him?
Did something self destructive last night, triggered myself.
Wondering About The Future
So sick of hypervigilance 🙃
Avoiding them, yet obsessed with them
Physical health treatment conflicting with my mental heath & doc doesn’t get it. Ideas?
Not sure if this qualifies but I’m suffering
PRSD TRIGGERED
8 years of going to doctors and two of them diagnose me independently in the span of a day TW rape
Hurting
I sometimes forget how bad it can be
He found me.... I'm panicking
30 y/o female, PTSD, Nervous Breakdown, Left Job, Isolating, Drained, Broken, Numb.
Should I trust my doctors diagnosis?
How to Calm Your Brain During Conflict
Why are people so scared of the reality of the world?
How do you shut off your brain?
I’m afraid to close my eyes
Prolonged exposure therapy
Gaslighting, even in small amounts, causes extreme episodes of panic, anxiety and suicidal thoughts in me. What would be a good coping mechanism to combat this?
Weighing on my heart
Experiencing tactile hallucinations
Helpful flashbacks?
Is it worth trying to push for diagnosis against reluctant professionals? (ASD)
Court PTSD update # 7: Politico did an article about the Storytelling program (ASAP) I did in DC. It’s crazy to see where I was a year ago and now.
Insanity
Help: My Aunt keeps talking about her trauma and PTSD
Dad has severe PTSD, getting worse as he ages
Desensitizing?
Losing friends due to personality changes
How to be okay with being touched again?
New doctor, new meds
It's making work impossible...
Is it just anxiety? Is it my ASD? Is it post-trauma? Am I experiencing derealization?
Finally went to therapy after 13 difficult years
How to not cry after being yelled at?
Cool, is it?
What is going on (TW; graphic violence, blood) .......
Fight or flight response
Active Shooter
I need a dog.
Lamotragine ( Lamictal) for PTSD
DAE watch/relate to Jessica Jones?
I feel like no one at work likes me anymore. I have to fight tears almost every day. I'm afraid I will be fired if I don't get it under control.
Can one "process trauma" unconsciously?
How do I stop talking/screaming in my sleep? I'm probably scaring the people I'm living with.
I feel unlovable (tw)
It all came back at once
Who could I have been?
I couldn't tell them what I saw
Help connecting with people (CW; medical procedures and parental death)
Does your SO ever throw past abuse in your face and use it against you alot reminding you of your abuse frequently when you just want to forget about it?
Blindsided again.
Unable to connect the dots
Trouble with sleeping due to abusive relationship.
Online PTSD treatment for veterans
I can barely remember who I was
I was diagnosed today
I feel like I'm making everything up (possible rape TW)
How to let nightmares go during the day
Ducted taped and held at gun point for 5 hours in San Francisco.
I recently found out I have PTSD
How do you contact the mods on here?
PTSD and Relationships
Experienced recent trauma and in need of help.
How to treat potential PTSD without professional help or drugs?
One of my trauma responses is I become completely paralyzed and cannot speak or process thoughts when I am being attacked verbally. Anybody else?
As someone who has ‘depersonalized’ but not dissociated or had flashbacks, how long after trauma did these begin for you?
I cry whenever we raise our voice at our daughter
(Potential trigger warnings) what were some symptoms you realized you had but didn’t know they were symptoms until someone explained the definition more realistically to you?
Does it ever get better?
PTSD or just trauma?(Caution: Life story lol)
I was assaulted last night
Disturbing Experience with Therapist
[TRIGGER WARNING] i feel like i'm still in a terrifying LSD trip i had.
Does anyone feel like they live in a separate reality?
new to this sub, in PHP, hi
Has anyone heard of or tired Prazosin for ptsd nightmares?
I just had my first big breakthrough and I’m thrilled!
Reoccurring PTSD
Just breathe
PTSD ruined my relationship with the love of my life.
Is anyone familiar with pseudoseizures or PNES?
I feel like I am in a constant state of fear and paranoia.
I can't stop jumping at every little thing
Anyone else feel exhausted all the time?
Does this sound familiar to anyone?
Don’t know how to communicate - scared of therapy
Feeling like a fake/Group therapy
No one will give me my meds
First panic attacks
Ecstasy for PTSD
Sugar for Panic Attacks
Sugar for Panic Attacks
Live in care
I feel like I'm in a constant state of fear
I don't know what safe friendships feel like
Flashbacks getting worse-hallucinations
Favorable C&P Exam PTSD - MST
A friend who doesn’t come over came over and took my spot and sat on my snuggle blanket.
i lost a week after learning i might be pregnant. i don’t know what to do.
First hallucinations; should I wait or take the meds?
Repairing damaged relationships
[NSFW] [Triggering] I was diagnosed with PTSD a few months ago
I lost 12 minutes
Newbie
Standing up to my family is so difficult because of the guilt and fear and shame (x-posted to r/cptsd)
I have never felt less like an adult than I do now.
Questions about episodes/ attacks
When I'm overwhelmed I can't empathize with my husband
Concentration issues
I learned something... and I don't really like it.
Waking up every hour thinking there's an intruder
How do I stop these suicidal thoughts?
Intrusive thoughts and feeling fake
Feel like talking, afraid of distress lines
Coming off of Klonopin.
“You were breathing weird last night.”
Seeing my neighbor verbally abuse her kid has resulted in me being emotionally turbulent all day
What's the process of getting a PTSD diagnosis like?
I'm going insane (I believe, but I may be wrong)
Ptsd rears ugly head
Is it possible to have ptsd and not know?
Sexual harassment training coming; triggers will be bountiful.
Sexually harassment training coming; triggers will be bountiful.
I'm just not handling it well (long post)
Im considering seeking help, think i might have PTSD after talking to people about my motorcycle accident.
is this normal? (tw: csa, suicide, eating problems, self harm, emotional abuse)
Started using cannabis for PTSD, repressed memories coming back
Warning signs?
How can I get better with casual touch?
Violent Roommate
(NSFW) Help me figure out what happened
Confidence boost after traumatic event
Got Married (Update) and now I freak out
Attackers going to be released from jail soon
How long has your treatment taken?
Ptsd is preventing me from focusing in class, I regret going back to college and now feel so stuck and don't know what to do?
Court PTSD update #7: I was able to do something I never thought I could ever do again.
Today is the 2nd "monthiversary" of the event. And i finally can say, i have made some huge progress.
Help?...
How effective is EMDR?
Success story!
Possible TW
Working life & Dealing with Symptoms
How open are you about your PTSD?
I worry I may have been living with moderate PTSD for the past 3 years.
Over a year later
DOE find that while on medication they have suicidal thiughts vs not being on medication and just having the desire to be invisible?
My traumatic event and needed advice
Security clearance and therapy.
Faces
My mom is a much different parent now but makes sure to say things like “you were coddled as a child” in spite of so much abuse
Realized I’ve Been Having Vivid Flashbacks
How do you bring up and share the difficult things with your therapist?
The person who gave me PTSD told me I was weak and don't even know what happened.
When you’re trying to have fun in a crowd but your PTSD makes you think you’re about to be attacked RIGHT NOW
New mental health/gaming peer support server!
I'm hearing things
Triggered
Tension headaches and hopelessness
my mom has worsening ptsd, what can be done for her?
Not sure if I have PTSD
How do I find a therapist who specializes in PTSD?
I need advice and support.I´m going insane from pain and tension.
PTSD with Psychotic Features
This subreddit helped me alot.
Would this seem to be a symptom of PTSD
I do not want to go to sleep because of realer than life intense nightmares every night.
Coping with happy memories
Some big victories this week, some bad feelings with them.
PTSD and sleep
Nightmares
(Trigger Warning) I just need a place to vent about my trauma for a minute.
Therapy is incredibly helpful, and the therapist is wonderful. But I worry she is losing hope in me.
I'm feeling the need to isolate
Getting Married in 2 days. Freaking out a bit.
I was reassessed for PTSD and my results were only half of what they were when I was assessed back in February
Why?
Help
I... posted some time ago here... this.. is me today
No More Denial
Are you looking for a support system: Angel's Wings Support: a Discord server. Come one, come all-- everyone is welcome here.
Anyone feel like they have PTSD from events that were not traumatic at the time?
desperately looking for new ways to heal, really dont know what to do (TW childhood sexual assault)
Easily triggered
I found my soulmate, dead hanging with a broken neck long gone on June 3rd.
Does anyone struggle with hearing load bangs or crashing metal as they are falling asleep or just waking up?
My girlfriend
facing the music: i am traumatized and i have triggers
Sorry...Bad Week..
I can't get over the fact that my rapist is in a happy relationship.
How to forgive myself
It's been exactly one year since I was sexually assaulted.
[maybe trigger] Not sure what kind of doctor or specialist to see
My nightmares are stepping up their game after I've been stepping up mine. Will this ever end??
ExcessiveIy sexual thoughts and behavior after being raped?
Recently diagnosed, where to from here?
Returning to the place of my trauma... (TW: gun violence)
How does one know if something actually happened or if it was a dream or false memory?
Flashbacks and anxiety while in bed
Weird dreams/nightmares
the aftermath / I don't know if I can handle everything in my situation
Desperately need someone to talk to.
Checking in.
People keep telling me to treat attacks with THC, but weed is my trigger.
Anyone got any tips for relieving CPTSD/Hypervigilence related headaches ?
I was just very intensely triggered by my ex yelling at me over the phone
Friend that has no understanding
I had my first flashback today
I finally was able to recall memories I thought I never would be able to again
Complete lack of physical affection.
Am I supposed to pretend I am okay when I don't feel that way?
Found out I may have PTSD today
[deleted by user]
Feel like I'm being unwound [vent]
When to level up therapy treatment due to intrusive negative thoughts?
Posted on PTSDcombat before I realized there were hardly any subs
Need to vent a bit as I can't think properly
Just got diagnosed PTSD
Stuck
Does anyone else say overly nice things or do overly nice things for other people when you’re suffering from the depressed aspect of PTSD?
Can something I’ve experienced that’s not as traumatic worsen after I’ve gotten ptsd
Do you ever feel like youll never find anybody?
More hallucinations / illusions
Anyone sometimes feel like their trauma wasn't real/is a lie?
Doing bad.
Hydroxyzine aka Atarax/Vistaril
DAE get triggered by certain places?
PTSD Stream of Conciousness
PTSD/trauma causing brain damage and hippocampus shrinkage - what severity is required and is it reversible?
Child as Trigger, Medical
Anyone from the UK own or know how to go about training a dog to aid with ptsd episodes?
I’ve never seen combat
Triggered by sex then left alone
The dreams
DAE hate going to therapy?
venting. TW; CSA, self harm.
In the middle of a low
I feel like I've lost myself.
1 year anniversary of a newer trauma is coming up. I don't know how to deal with this.
I feel like I've lost my life to PTSD
Is it possible to have ptsd from things other than combat
Seizures from PTSD?
I haven't gone a day without breaking down and crying on this wedding trip with my sister.
Returning to trigger situation
Coping from shooting scare?
Shouldn't I feel blessed in some ways?
Female on Female sexual abuse..?
Memory loops triggered by threat by partner in intense family situation. tw: partner violence/memories/children/adoption
Can the symptoms of PTSD be called "panic attacks"? Are they similar? I don't know how else to explain to people
Coming off the 2 meds ive taken for years, and im terrified
Thoughts about Lamictal?
I want to work through my trauma, but I don't want to "re-live" it. Advice?
Went to appointment for depression group.
I feel useless sometimes.
Complex Ptsd, dissociating and I feel like I'm losing my grip. Is this normal?
1-10 scale on how normal? if it was bad, what do u call it?
What is this? [TW]
Child disclosed to me
st john's wort vs chamomile: which is better for anxiety and depression?
Therapist here struggling with my own traumatic stress from past work. (Potential triggers: violence and confinement)
Is there any Trans Guys here I can talk to?
Rambling about my troubles with feeding myself and ptsd. TW: eating disorders
Hypervigilance
Anyone else feel angry constantly?
Starting all over again
A few of my coworkers make me extremely anxious. How do I handle this???
Angel's Wings Support: Discord Server
Prazosin and Nightmares
Guanfacine for nightmares?
100mg of sertraline finally made some difference.
Advice on how to dealing with flashbacks?
Bumped into my abuser after 4 1/2 years of no-contact (x-post /r/RaisedByNarcissists)
It wasn't the fireworks that triggered me tonight
NSFW: My diagnosis of ptsd is a mystery to me
I'm hungry
I woke up in a frenzy thinking there was a shooting going on outside, then I remembered what day it was.
My neighbor recently bought the same model of car my rapist drove
Thank you to all the Veterans who served our country.
Thinking of us all through the 4th.
Did anyone else punish themselves for their trauma?
Suggestions for an at-home movie tonight to drown out fireworks
Scared of fireworks
Can't Trust Parents
Actually felt “okay” at therapy today.
The Haven: General Mental Health Peer Support Chat on Discord
New here, hello
Starting therapy
My partner triggered me. I am so angry.
To all firework-triggered people in America
I really need to know this
Men who are victims of sexual trauma
What the hell do I do when my trigger is sleep related?
Danny skips down wilther way
It's off to a rough night
Feeling crazy could be triggering
What's something thats helped you with building friendships/relationships after your PTSD?
=/
Only 3 more days until the 4th of July is over
Anniversary tomorrow
Going to be in the environment that caused my PTSD for ~4 days straight (,:
Caring for my wife at the 4th of July
Tips for dealing with 4th of July week?
dealing with secondary trauma/misunderstanding and indifference from others?
Hating the Holidays (PTSD Surrounding Childhood Home)
Is it ok to not date as much / not explore as many relationships? Am I missing out?
Getting mentally health is so hard I just want to give up sometimes.
Feeling Angry At Myself
Does this happen to you?
It's been 2 years.
PTSD disability process
Looking for advice
Need to talk
Night Terrors
I'm finally free (sort of)
[deleted by user]
What should I do about my abusive aunt?
How to get out and make friends?
Projecting my emotions onto others?
I can’t believe I lost her.....
Near ZERO Improvement after TEN YEARS... except for stopping anxiety attacks. (sorry, language warning)
My therapist said I had ptsd
Creative ways to destroy triggering documents
Is it?
Why I have PTSD (TW: Gun violence)
It’s been a good day!
I'm going to be an uncle.
What do you want your partner to know?
When people who are supposed to support you choose to call out your triggers in public because they’re “annoying and ridiculous”: a rant
How to bounce back when your deepest fears come true?
I wish media companies had an optional toggle for trigger warnings.
I hate firework season (venting)
Does anyone here get triggered by people they know?
Is therapy "just venting?".
Has anyone else tried a weighted blanket to help them sleep?
Do you ever feel like it’s always out there waiting for you?
My dad was a Vietnam vet
Should I see a doctor?
Does dissociation lead to dementia?
Recent diagnosis of Complex Ptsd. And for the first time in a long time, I feel like I'm going to be okay
My assault story [trigger warning]...need to get this off my chest
Siblings
Sibilants
Music Trigger, what should I do?
Split self - severely traumatized or what??
Going back to my hometown
How to solve PTSD
Constantly feeling overwhelmed and/or overstimulated?
Thinking about trying CBD oil to manage symptoms
Lack of self care due to trauma and mental illness.
Could I vent to someone please..?
Vent
Trigger warning
So working through some PTSD I happened across this....
Anyone who was verbally abused?
Is it even possible that childhood bullying gave me PTSD?
My brain is a sinkhole of emotions
Trigger Warning - Medical Emergency. Sometimes I remember how my husband acted during my traumatic event, and it hurts
THE SNAP
Discord?
I've been abused, neglected, bullied, and ignored by my family my entire life, and I've had enough.
I've been abused, neglected, bullied, and ignored by my entire family, and I've had enough.
How’s everyone tonight ?
Just been diagnosed
I’m struggling.
Easier to pee on prazosin?
I can't feel love?
Mst ptsd
I want to give up.
how to explain my triggers?
Poetry helps me sometimes
Is PTSD for life?
[deleted by user]
How do you fall asleep?
Do I have ptsdm
Can anyone else here relate to this music video?
Great song that captures PTSD re: violence
First post
Is possible to think of something as so bad that it gives you PTSD?
Does anyone else get completely horrified by flirting/getting blatantly hit on?
How to talk about childhood abuse experiences in therapy
I’m needing some encouragement.
PTSD or OCD?
First time talking about what happened
Keep thinking I'm better, then I'm not.
I don’t feel real anymore.
Reoccurring feelings in a nightmare
Sleeping
Saw disturbing content online years ago and still struggling today
Inability to get mad
book recommendations?
ptsd and job
broke and seeking help
Has anyone had success with affirmations?
Seeking Psychiatrist for GAD/PTSD in DFW
Is this PTSD?
How to deal with the PTSD from a house fire?
Psycologist is ignoring my symptoms, pushing me for meds/extended grieving treatment instead.
Having a panic attack, and can't make it stop...
I miss feeling safe
I feel like I have no control anymore
How to deal with agoraphobia-type feelings?
Strong urges to hurt my boyfriends' dog | 22 F
I am so sick of mental illness and drug nonsense.
I'm 25, very mentally ill, and I want to handle my first proper job.
I don’t know if I can ever be in a relationship.
Am I wrong for thinking this might be PTSD?
Flashbacks/hypervigilance from door knocking sounds?
Advice -- I don't know if I should go out or stay in
Have you recovered from emotional detachment/emotional numbness? How did you do it?
I'm new, I think I have PTSD.
I just want to be “normal”.
Recently diagnosed with PTSD and Anxiety
Flashbacks?
FFS ! The GD fireworks have started
How do you personally soothe yourself during an episode?
Tired of being angry all the time
I need help being positive
I'm ready to be done. TW
wtf
My abuser is staying in the hotel next to my work...
After Therapy ( Trigger Warning)
Those on disability for PTSD: what do you tell people when they ask what you do for a living?
I finally slept last night!
Living in Denial
Memory?
lost at sea with in a sinking ship and hospital made it wrost
Job Interviews, disclosing PTSD advice
Trigger warning (eating disorder)
My trauma has made me not trust myself. abuse trigger warning.
Diagnosed with PTSD yesterday and having a lot of trouble processing it
Trigger warning again??
What does it feel like to disassociate?
Loss of memory from trauma
“What’s your goal for today?”
First incident-related dream, small rant/vent, and advice on related scenes on TV and games? NSFW/Triggering accounts and language
Is there an emotion that is harder for you to manage than others?
Managing relationships while processing your trauma
The PTSD Project
People with PTSD that comes from sexual abuse or abuse in general. Do you often dream about your abuser ?
Need advice for a hard work situation
Yahoo news just published and article I was interviewed for about my PTSD Treatment
What other options are there besides therapy?
Anyone looking for a trauma-informed therapist?
Needing to vent
Should I tell my boyfriend I was sexually abused?
I’m Exhausted
Shocked
I’ve had the worst anxiety attack in 3yrs
I need an understanding person to talk to
Any articles or written text that I can show my SO so he can better understand?
Starting a support group
How can I make my husband understand? (more inside) (*trigger warning* but you can just skip first paragraph)
Girlfriend was recently diagnosed, how can I help?
Do you tell people your diagnosis?
Once I get over one thing, my mind gives me another thing to get angry about
I struggle with all the successful people who have a past as bad or worse than mine.
No energy for job or social performance
DAE suddenly 'redevelop' triggers closer to a traumaversary?
Really need some support
Can anybody tell me about a rage that comes from nowhere?
Had a nightmare, not a flashback but oddly similar. Sorry if this redundant or whatever I just don’t have anyone else I can tell this to (NSFW possibly)
Help finding any online music daw
Intense anxiety and flashbacks
I fear im either hearing voices in my head or what I fear is happening is really happening. I can barely go outside because I fear im really being insulted or is just my ptsd causing me to stay stuck in the present.
Is it possible to get ptsd from weed panic attack?
it’s hard seeing your friends get help when no one even understands your own illness
Was just told by someone that you can only have PTSD if you went to war overseas. Wtf is wrong with people
Songs relevant for PTSD sufferers?
Arousal non concordance. Encouraging words for those confused about unwanted arousal.
Why am I so hung up on getting the person who caused me trauma to acknowledge?
Girlfriend cheated on me and dumped me.
My life is bizarre and scares the living shit out of people. Problem? No one to talk to.
Getting over PTSD - Some things I've found instrumental in this fight of mine
Recluse in distress
More songs about my ptsd
Some music I have written to cope with my ptsd...hope you like it
Two traumas. Which to tackle?
Power of Choice
Need Help! Finding the Right Therapist
How to deal with violent outbursts dirwctes towards self during flashbacks
PTSD with flashbacks, is this a more severe version?
I don't know how to help my brother
I’m seeing things
I have ptsd from an abusive relationship that ended 2 years ago. My current boyfriend is the kindest person ever, but I can’t stop the anxiety and fear that I used to feel in the past. It’s as if it’s happening now, and I sometimes feel like my bf is the same person as my ex. Has anyone felt this?
Mild PTSD? Or is it normal?
I’m recovering and getting so much better - which I fear will be the end of my relationship.
Help
is it acceptable to do this emdr thing once every other week?
How do you deal with memory loss surrounding the trauma?
Called sexist and weak after breaking down after a triggering event.
My counsellor mentioned that her impressions from me were that I had PTSD-like symptoms and I feel a little blindsided
I just got diagnosed with PTSD. I have several and serious mental problems, but this is way far the worst.
Should I choose a man or woman for my emdr therapist? I'm afraid of intimacy but was molested by a guy.
Consistent nightmares about being commited to the hospital again
Anyone else freak out and start fights with friends?
Recently Diagnosed
Why is their a cult-like atmosphere in here? All seem to endorse EMDR.
Trouble in the help department.
Is there a Discord server for this sub?
I really just want this pain to stop.
"Make it a superpower"!
Why do I miss it?. Trigger warning.
I remembered a new thing.. (Possibly NSFW)
I am triggered by people staring at me
Any experience with clonidine? Any information is welcome.
Weighted blankets
Yes, You Can Have PTSD Even if You Weren't Violently Attacked
How can I break it to my partner im not ready for commitment mainly because of my ptsd?
I just want a family.
Homelessness PTSD- Moving on?
He attacked me and now I can’t stop having flashbacks.
What things make you feel better?
Dating a man who has PTSD/anxiety. What is acceptable and how to talk to him about it?
Starting EMDR later this week - what should I expect?
My job continues to trigger me but I can't find a new one. Customer Service rant.
Having a really stupid trigger ruins my favorite food place [vent]
ptsd and its impact in performance at school
Difficulty sleeping after house was robbed.
Nobody Believes Me
[deleted by user]
Is my husband really gone forever?
meds for sexual assault
Wanting to be more open (sexual assault recovery)
Work related PTSD. What helps?
IT'S TIME TO PAY ATTENTION TO MENTAL HEALTH
My grandma moved in and makes me feel worse than my abusive mother.
Hey, I’ve been questioning if I have a form of PTSD...
I know I have PTSD but believing I have PTSD is another story.
Invisible me
Triggered by person I told trauma to
The boy who bullied me and ruined my life. Please share
NSFW. Rant. Violent Nightmares
need help with my girlfriend asap
Ptsd from a past relationship
Feeling Stuck
PTSD?
[Trigger Warning - Violence/Combat] Bad memories are visiting from the blue. I feel like a bar person and a phony.
Can medication prevent denial of trauma?
I need advice on sound/background noise
Is this some kind of PTSD or just anxiety? (Possible trigger warning for emotional/physical abuse)
Is this part of it?
First EMDR session.
Freaked out and worried. Any advice is appreciated.
Triggered during sex
A piece of me died that day
I used to not be able to be alone with my thoughts without devolving into trauma and self hatred. For years I've needed constant podcasts or music playing. I recently found myself loving just sitting and thinking.
Grad season sucks
Xpost from r/bipolar Has anyone developed ptsd related to their own past episodes/suicide attempts? Things are quickly unravelling for me :(
Does anyone implement earplugs or headphones to help with noise?
Resources for peer support, alternatives to crisis lines.
“I’m gonna make you love me.”
Do I look for a certified therapist, approved consultant - emdr?
What are some things I should/shouldn't say to help a friend during an episode?
Guerra iswar warrrr!!
Triggered because of a TV Show
Feel like a fucking misanthrope
i’ve had nightmares almost every night since i was abused
Overwhelming thought(feeling?) about my body. (trigger warning)
I suppose I am just lonely
Shame, Fear, Isolation
Dissociation and Depersonalization
Is post traumatic stress considered a mental illness/disorder if it lasts well over 10 years and still affects your daily life?
Tired of letting myself be retraumatized.
Canada first. 10 year appeal granted and won. Defending mother with PTSD.
Struggles with cleaning
PTSD without the nightmares?
My rapist is living a happy life.
Starting EMDR soon...the horror
Writing about it
Terror.
Restlessness?
I had been doing so well
What should I do now?
I just had the best 24 hours of my life.
Weight Loss and Bruising
I keep picking at my scalp. Any solutions that worked for you all?
Starting a 6 week daily alpha stim treatment next week, anyone have experiences?
Having panic attacks before appointments.
Sick
Has anyone asked for disability accommodations at work for PTSD
Every time I think I’m past it.
Assaulted recently while on vacation to a large city - seeking advice on how to get back to normal
How do you explain this to people?
TW: Regressing after rape
Medication and sleeping
My nightmares aren’t reliving actual events but are all along the same theme lines. Anyone else???
Tell me something positive happening in your life right now.
Have ever found a romantic partner who can truly work through your trauma with you, who is concerned about your triggers?
Broke up with my boyfriend, feeling fine, but I'm worried my PTSD is creeping back in weird ways
TW; my story and learning to cope
Can’t sleep. Barricaded myself in my room. Overwhelming fear / Paranoia?
Help.
Not sure what to label what I'm feeling
Balance of vulnerability and independence
Dreams making me tired.
Insomnia/Sleeping Pills Help?
Is it possible that I have developed a very minor case of PTSD? Or just PTS?
Help please
Neurology
Be Flexible, Don't Fight an Episode (thought/question)
rambling
Went to visit community college to hand in a form and I got insanely triggered by just going there. I partly dropped out of college due to PTSD and going back seemed was a damn nightmare. Im not sure what to do.
The past few weeks have sucked
I don't know how to work through my trauma
Need help distinguishing between PTSD and unhealthy response to RSD
Disorganized Thinking
How did you recover your faith in humanity or how are you coping without it?
Is it normal
"I'm pretty sure it is real...to her!" EMDR had me remember first time my reality was validated by my Edad.
Still feeling exhausted after 1st EMDR four days ago
Unhealthy(?) Coping mechanisms and conversations with myself
I screamed in my nightmare for the first time. [TW]
Any tips for emotional numbness, detachment and disassociation?
PTSD & Fibromyalgia
Triggers unrelated to your trauma (obvious trigger warning)
Bullied and bad parenting. I could use some support and help on how to get better.
Today.
Boyfriend's motorcycle accident
Ptsd is ruining my relationships
Ptsd and food allergies/intolerances
Dad killed himself. Can anyone relate to my symptoms
I need a little help guys
Can’t find a therapist. Can I work through the CBT workbook alone?
There really are still good people in the world.
Appetite
How to talk about PTSD with friends
I just remembered a repressed memory.
Help
Learning to say "Voldemort"
My ex boyfriend said he was having a ptsd attack and then went MIA
What should I do for her? (Danger nights)
Going through recent gory trauma. I hit and killed a kitten by accident yesterday. Need to rant, need resources for trauma coping, and possibly need to make issue out of something involved in the incident.
How do I help my husband with PTSD?
PTSD + Insurance
Medical ID bracelet / jewelry question
Not sure if I have PTSD or not?
[deleted by user]
Learning to live here and now
Writing for therapy?
Feeling sedated after much stress?
EMDR Saved my life, my story so far.
I have a hard time speaking about it
Feeling horrible after EMDR.
Meditation vs exercise: which has been more effective for you? How helpful is each to you?
Non-medication nightmare treatment?
One the year anniversary of my trauma, I haven’t had a nightmare in two whole weeks thanks to medical marijuana
Strategies for “staying in reality”
Next time someone hurts me I’m gonna fucking kill them
New here. Unsure if this is unhealthy anger or untreated trauma
I learned about EMDR from this sub. I'll make appt with shrink for formal diagnosis of ptsd. Then I'll ask if I should cancel neurofeeback for emdr.
Being triggered by a baby? Having a complete meltdown about watching my nephew.
Keep re-playing the event
How do I move on?
how to stop ruminating
I think I might have PTSD, please read my story and tell me what I should do. (tw: child abuse, bullying, depression, anxiety, suicide)
Symptoms from a fatal car crash are ruining my life, please help me.
To those who journal about their traumas/ptsd/anxiety
Please help me explain my condition
PTSD vs Depression?
CPTSD Help Needed (trigger warning)
Why did I start to fetishize my trauma?
Disassociating for almost 24 hours.
advice on confronting ptsd?
TV shows as an escape?
one year since
Someone please fucking help me
Thought this would be appropriate for this sub also.
Finally left angry boyfriend, trying to make it work and all he does is cry
Discord support group for spouses? I need someone to talk to who understands. Memorial day is especially hard.
I wake up in the middle of sleeping and just start panicking sometimes, have anxiety attacks about my past
Can't sleep
High school GF has PTSD; help? (tw: suicide)
Mood swings, irritable, destructive when stressed...
This is my story. Trigger warning.
Does anyone else have issues with mind/body stuff?
Terrible ending of a tale of two brothers (trigger warning)
Ptsd from prison
Kind of starting to think I might have PTSD
Triggery Hot Mess Day and I’m Tired
New to Reddit
Sister almost drowning in the ocean with me
Speech problems?
I know this is going to be weird for you guys in this sub but here it goes aye!
Odd question about touch (tw: sexual assault)
How to fix hypervigilance and severe chronic muscle tension?
Psychotherapy
Probably just mood swings but
Be kind to one another.
Anxiety
Psychogenic fever, anyone else?
What does the finish line even look like?
Do I tell my current partner about my re-emerging PTSD? If so, how should I go about telling him? (NSFW: descriptions of domestic violence included)
Strong rain as a trigger
How to Spot an Abusive Personality (based on my experience)
Having a hard time believing your abuser is imperfect?
I managed through a bad Trigger! (NSFW)
Diagnosis
I want to live my life like a normal 25 year old
Anger towards everyone
My Biggest Trauma Anniversary Approaches
After years of living with PTSD, I tried medical marijuana for the first time.
sleep is becoming an issue. dont want to rely on sleeping pills anymore
Soul Retrieval is the answer, guys.
Had a great therapy day today! Tw: sexual assault
The nightmares are back, and surprise surprise. No one gives a shit.
Pushing everyone away (vent)
Almost triggered to numb.
Anyone try Hemp Medicine for their PTSD? We would like your feedback...
Anxiety sucks
Overcoming self-destructive behaviors when things are going well?
How many sessions of neurofeedback should I try before switching to EMDR therapy?
was this ok? 17f
Trouble staying over SO’s place
Experience with boxing?
Calm: a helpful free app
Need some help with writing a character with PTSD. Meds, exercises, interactions with others. Only have one close friend with PTSD so I need to get more input.
Third day officially unemployed and my brain is my prison
Can a Porn adiction affect ptsd.
I quit therapy today - what now?
Question for those with PTSD
Does anyone else have a very wide peripheral vision and tend to focus on objects/people in their side view?
Have just started trauma therapy. Self harmed for the first time in over a year. [TW]
Seeing a trauma therapist, what else?
PTSD with co-morbid Psychotic Disorder
My wife, a disabled native woman, is being harassed on Reddit. They are laughing at her PTSD episode
My wife, a disabled native woman, is being harassed by vegans on reddit
Friends that don't care about PTSD
How were you diagnosed with PTSD?
Is this healthy Coping?
Got acceptance email to adult survivor therapy camp.
Gynecologist visit post-trauma advice
Frustrating overuse of the word trigger
PTSD and Creativity - is there a link?
TW: sexual assault, abusive relationship. over 2 years later and im still having problems getting sexual with people
Help with long-term emotional numbness
The horrible fear that something bad will happen again
Getting help and your friend who has suffered abuse isn’t supportive...
School Life and Mental Health
Quitting community college?
Just got diagnosed with PTSD
What haunts me.
I think i have PTSD I dont know what to do help
How do you guys release the adrenaline from a panic attack?
I think i gave my ex ptsd ..what should i do.
Problems with Mild Triggers
How does a PTSD diagnosis work? (tw: rape)
From hyper vigilance to completely passive and numb
How do you cope with anger?
Books/Resources on spiritual abuse?
Have you ever had symptoms like flashbacks or nightmares about something that was only threatened?
If you hear of any British veterans suffering with PTSD please share this.
EMDR...thoughts, experience, opinions?
Lost my everything
I feel like it is my fault. TW sexual assault (?)
Is this just who I am now? Is it okay?
Choked my girlfriend in my sleep...
The Haven Lite: 13+ Mental Health Peer Support Chat
My boss triggered my PTSD
Reinvention of Self
The Body Keeps the Score by Bessel van der Kolk MD: have you read it and did following its advice help?
I'm sick of being expected to take other people's abuse with kindness
My girlfriend has just been diagnosed with PTSD
Is not having got past childhood abuse mean a person is weak?. I just don't know anymore.
How do I recover from PTSD and become a confident and functioning person again?
List of different types of therapies that have been proven to help.
I feel nothing. I can't sleep. I don't know how I'm going to do anything.
Does it ever really go away?
Worried about memories (TW)
I am so close to letting go and giving in
Fear
Safest place in the house
I cried several times today
I was told to get over it cuze I'm young.
I'm feeling really discouraged. I want to go off my medications
Partner told me to pretend to enjoy situation that triggers me
Going back to work
Help Explaining to Others
It’s so hard to believe people and it makes me feel terrible
Reading this sub, I just learned of EMDR. But I also recently started EEG Biofeedback. If this shit doesn't work, I'll try EMDR.
PTSD triggered when hearing leaf blowers, low flying planes, lawn mowers, tree cutters, saws, etc
Survived a terrorist attack 2 years ago. Now I feel numb and careless, death isn't scary anymore.
Good qualities.
Too stoic during EMDR?
I have trouble believing my boyfriend cares about me at night.
I really don't know
Substance Abuse.
Sometimes...
i cannot live like this anymore
Has anyone experienced this?
Anxiety Resurfacing After Home Invasion
Understanding the symptoms of my wife - possibly CPTSD - differences between panic attacks and emotional flashbacks?
EMDR with a therapist VS. an app? Your input is highly appreciated.
Self Esteem (please help if you can)
I finally did something that is a big trigger
Today my friend got mad and kicked a table and I couldn't move
Cities do terrible things to me
I dont know if I can make it through the end of the school year, academically.
I saw a spider and froze up
Every time I hear my full name...
Wet the bed last night. Is bed-wetting PTSD related in adults and not just children?
Wet the bed last night. If I do have PTSD, should I focus on the recent trauma, which seems like the obvious cause, or the former trauma, which I felt was more impactful?(TW possible sexual abuse)
What would you want to see in a movie about survivors of abuse with PTSD?
Found a new coping method that really helps my anger- want to share with you all. I call it “Angry Squash” or “Ratchet Ball”
Does anyone else feel like PTSD from think other than military service ismt talen seriously? TW: Rape
Could i have PTSD?
I just returned from Afghanistan. I think I have mild PTSD. Looking for advice.
Issues with motivation. Question about social worker and goals.
Should I cut myself off again?
Feeling guilt about being diagnosed
Embarrassed over my trigger
Telling my family?
I have PTSD, GAD, Severe Clinical Depression, and Dysthymia. I’m about to stop drinking.
Most realistic portrayal of PTSD in media (books, movies, shows, games, even music)
Still feel guilty
I've been diagnosed with PTSD for several years following an abusive childhood... this Mother's Day I wanted to reflect on how my mother too was abused. I forgive her for the hand she was dealt, but not the way she treated me.
Seeking suggestions
Birthday, mother's day and triggers
Feeling defeated and hopeless
I’m getting bad again...
Like Father Like Son
Looking for advice.
I've never had flashbacks this bad...
Does anyone want to be friends/support system buddies?
Anyone use hydrocortisone? It helps reduce the risk of PTSD and seems effective as a treatment option.
I laughed about my trauma in therapy.
Anyone use hydrocortisone? It seems to prevent PTSD and treat it effectively.
Rant about my boyfriend's family's invalidation (Possible trigger warning for domestic violence)
Mushrooms for PTSD?
It's coming on
Homicide survivors
Today my therapist taught me a grounding technique that has been working well for me!
Triggered for no reason.
School is useless in helping me
I'm having major flashbacks.
Being told I need to be less negative by the number one source of negativity in my life.
*TW* Symptoms on an all time high for a while now... What does everybody else do?
Hi, there
My sister tried to commit suicide- looking for treatment centers. Please help
PTSD From Being Locked In Mental Asylum
Distraction!
Is it ok to ask?
Marriage
Emotionally numb
Have you been harmed by psychiatry? You are not alone.
Benefits of Living Through PTSD
Panic attack - possible trigger I experienced?
Need to vent about my PTSD after getting stabbed 7 times.
I can’t have sex anymore without getting triggered.
Afraid of going to the Gynecologist after being in a sexually abusive relationship, and knowing I will se my abuser again soon.
Does anyone know how to get on a list for a PTSD/TBI service dog?
Slowly Discovering Triggers
Has anybody else here discovered that the person/persons that you became closest friends with turned out to also have PTSD or had even gone through trauma that was uncannily similar to your own experience without knowing it?
Im starting at 28-29 to get an education. Im a multiple dropout. I feel embarassed and weak for having to start over. Wanted to hear if anyone can relate?
Moving out anxiety
Newbie here. My partner admitted to going through my phone... I don't know what to do next. Trigger warning, I think?
I dissociate almost 24/7
Insomnia
[deleted by user]
Does Reading About PTSD from Combat Typically Help or Harm?
Not sure what to do
dissociation
Problems Concentrating... anyone relate?
I’m still so angry
No idea where to go.
trying to express my first experience with Somatic experiencing therapy
[vent] help me
telling my story for the very first time.
Help for who to talk to
Was around my abuser today.
Major trigger warning, descriptions of abuse— Why I find comfort in small spaces
PTSD in Children and Teens.
What it feels like to be triggered...
Do I have PTSD?
Was triggered at work, heart still pounding.
I can’t sleep in a quiet room.
Was molested as a child---- As an adult, I trigger whenever I am around children. Is this normal?
Do I disclose my PTSD to a potential advisor?
How do i tell my family i need therapy after 16 years [sexual abuse TW]
[Warning: Childhood Sexual Assault] So, one of my most detrimental symptoms from PTSD is something that none of the therapists/other professionals I’ve met seem to fully comprehend, and I was hoping someone here might know what I’m talking about
Can't pretend I'm "over it" anymore
My PTSD is coming back full-swing after nearly 10 months of it being virtually nonexistent. How do I cope? NSFW
Trigger warning: trauma and death. Boyfriend watched someone die traumatically, not sure how to support him
Looking for peer-reviewed studies about PTSD and SSRI dependence
Has anyone else used 7cups?.
Success post! I went to the grocery store!
My PTSD just ruined the best relationship I have ever had. I hurt so bad right now.
Why is it crises after crises and now why do I know what I need to do “Live in the moment,” But knowing that alone does not help the PAIN?
Ah! Just had a ptsd attack. Everything felt so weird afterwards. I hate that! Still keeping my day going though. Send good vibes please! Thank you!
Car accident commercials.
A Couple Of Questions For Getting Through College With PTSD
How long did it take you to find a therapist you 'clicked' with?
Having PTSD is like being afraid of ice cream...
Is it possible that I have ptsd?
Aversion to intimacy
My struggle with the love of my life and my PTSD
quick short term fixes for ptsd?
Blog about Cerebral Palsy and Mental Health
PTSD and Borderline Personality Disorder - does anyone know anything about this?
I disclosed my diagnoses to HR and my supervisor. Couldn't have gone better.
Do any of you play any sports? If so have you noticed an improvement in symptoms after playing sports for some time?
What kind of job do you like the most? (also: rant)
Rant I guess
A lot of very vivid flashbacks
First ever PAP smear after childhood sexual abuse
Drove past the location of where I got assaulted. Ended better than I thought. PSA: it gets better
Need help now
Anniversary
Do you find yourself being too picky / too hard on potential partners due to earlier trauma/abuse?
A somewhat harsh critique of DBT.
[deleted by user]
Just trying not to be an ass I guess.
It's been 10 years and I still can't sleep at night
Professional Way to Explain Job History?
Does anyone suffer from nausea related to PTSD? How do you deal with it?
'Other people have it worse'
Anyone feel shame when opening up to friends?
Long time lurker first time poster...DAE feel like EMDR is making things worse?
The triggers haven't stopped for well over a year now...
Little question.
How do I stop being angry and irritable all the time?
I didn't feel anything (?)
Support groups
Has anybody actually figured out a way to make the memories stop playing when you close your eyes?
My therapist said something I can’t stop thinking about
Opinions on Womens Support Groups?
[Video] StoryTime - Visiting my mother in prison, age 8
Waking up feeling stressed
PTSD and exposure therapy help. Anybody else doing exposure therapy?
Witness stabbing
Falling back into patterns of behaviour? [TW: physical abuse]
being cruel {excuse my dyslexia}
Homesick for the feeling of safety
Feeling extremely alone after panic attack
I can't hold down a job because of panic attacks
Advice? I laugh when recounting trauma and it makes others uncomfortable
TW: Sexual abuse
I'm pretty sure I have PTSD and not bipolar disorder...
When dating, how long do you wait to open up about your condition or past?
I hope this is the right place. Potentially NSFW if you want details, but I just had a terrible ptsd nightmare.
Waking up screaming
Is there anyone online now?
I think this might help you guys and gals.
[deleted by user]
Trying to get past trauma from having a child with an ex (TW: abuse, self harm, bodily violation)
Physiological Symptoms of PTSD—Help?
My dreams have been flaring up in this past week
Trouble Asking For Things
Like a poem. Trigger warning.
Harassment over post about my horrific lawsuit
My top three jokes for my dissociative seizures.
I need any information of experiences with PTSD and anger
Documentary filmmaker working on PTSD project in Amsterdam
Help! My PTSD is insanely triggered right now from finding out I have to go to ANOTHER hearing with abuser next week.
Former military.
Relationships are a trigger for me. Obsessive...
It feels like my PTSD is on its period.
Underwear Hoarder / Triggers
Having rough fallout from trigger this week
The technical difficulties of remembering trauma
I don’t know what’s normal anymore—looking for advice?
Wins!
Was it okay that I enjoyed being raped?
I feel so disgusting
Tomorrow is his birthday. tw
Moved back in with parents, which is triggering. Coping tips?
In need of some words of encouragement.
Does anyone here have asthma?
I had another setback today
I'm having a hard time as my trauma anniversary comes up
You know you're a child abuse survivor when... (A light-hearted thread for the dark-humored)
Im fucking scared
Recurrent Sleep Paralysis
Child Abuse – how I survived and how you can too
Do I have ptsd from a failed abusive relationship?
SG supports a PTSD, a new website that supports PTSD and gamers that have PTSD.
Psychosis or hallucinations (auditory, sensory or visual)?
All I think about are the nooses
Afraid I will be too messed to have a life
Hospital blow up, my mom was inside
FUCKING FUCK
Still unable to have sex due to traumatic event 2 years ago
EMDR v. exposure therapy?
Had a really triggering and unexpected experience tonight—how do I move on?
I have to study a poem about PTSD for my English Literature GCSE
New to this looking for answers!
Do I have PTSD? I just want a second option ASAP.
I don't really understand triggers...am I experiencing one?
DBT for PTSD
Dealing with paranoia
How do I talk to someone about their treatment not working?
Possible PTSD? Need to understand.
Made the mistake of letting a friend come stay with me and all I got was a lecture on how they would move on if they went through what I did
It gets better, even if it doesn't go away (my story)
Guilt that haunts me almost daily...
First Post on Reddit, 8 Months of PTSD
[deleted by user]
Suspected PTSD in child - child sexual abuse TW
Tw I was just raped please help me please oh please
Exacerbated PTSD, Relapse, or New Trauma? *Possible trigger* death and loss
Somatic Experiencing (video). A not so well known therapy for PTSD.
Anyone else have asthma? Possible trigger warning - re-experiencing and medical stuff
Is it my PTSD or am I being abused?
Searching for a PTSD support group for my son who has no health insurance.
Finally got emotionally healthy enough to be driven to get back to work.....
How do you deal with the anger?
Help on how to deal/get rid of ptsd
On sick leave from work, my request for a gradual return was denied as "not medically supported"
Should I be afraid?
Intoxication
PTSD is Screaming at Me Today.
Non-military/first responder jobs where PTSD would be useful?
I think I have some PTSD
I can’t remember a lot of details about my trauma.
Help- PTSD from repressed memory of being molested
[deleted by user]
Need advice for helping girlfriend with PTSD (potentially NSFW?)
PTSD is ending my marriage, need help !
Coming back to university after 3 months - 24 hours of fear and loathing. (possible triggers, dark humour, and general tragicness)
How do I live my life again?
How to get away from PTSDs after a traumatic witness?
I feel like my trauma wasn't that big of a deal
VENTING. Just had an really bad episode, I'm not sure what to do.
MDMA: Love of Self for the Love of Others
Vicarious Traumatization/Compassion Fatigue
Was attacked by a psychotic thug a few days ago; worried about going out in the city now
Does anyone else have periodic limb movement disorder? Crosspost from r/depression
My boyfriend thinks he's being cute. I don't want to have to have a complete breakdown before he gets how badly this effects me
Stuck between alcoholism and ptsd.
Questions about ptsd recovery
Has anyone experienced hypervigilance, and found a way to heal it?
traumaversary
Experiences seeking emergency help/inpatient treatment?
Advice for coming to terms with diagnosis?
Advice for coming to terms with diagnosis?
How I affect my family members
What does friendship even mean?. Sorry, just confused and sad.
No one protected me.
Received Diagnosis. Also a treatment plan.
medical marijuana
Service dog training
Starting EMDR very soon. What to expect?
What's the verbal part about?
I Need Help
I'm afraid to sleep because of the nightmares
How do you deal with guilt trips?
therapist says i have ptsd but i dont relate to people that have it
Bad triggering event yesterday
There is no magic cure
How do I stop thinking about stuff i did that was really stupid
How do you get better?
What steps did you take to start to feel safe again?
First time continuously disassociating after a flashback. [nsfw]
New here.
I’m afraid that the doctor won’t consider it as a traumatic event.
Help! Surviving a Traumatic Near Death Experience lead to C-PTSD, Panic Disorder, Separation Anxiety, and Depression :(
Night terror.
Fuck this cunt life.
Are Any Veterans Here Part of the Anti War Movement ?
Mental Health Support Discord
How not to help with PTSD
Triggered by Password Change
Recognizing people in pictures?
How to Help
[NSFW] Recent trauma, just looking to talk to someone
PTSD impacting physical health
Girlfriend abused as a child by birth parents. Any ways I can effectively provide support?
Intrusive Compulsive Disturbing Thoughts? ((TW))
OCD
I wish to say thank you for the support you guys have given me
[21][M] Discorved mother's bloodied apartment with Suicide notes last Saturday. Four days later i cant stop seeing blood everywhere i go
Trust issues because of PTSD?
GF of 3yrs assaulted Friday night. Severe PTSD. Conflicting emotions. So lost.
I think this is the first time I'm posting here without a throwaway.
Ted talk on use of EMDR to treat trauma
Thank you
how to help my girlfriend with ptsd ?
Changing jobs.
Some information to help individuals like yourselves
The emotional numbness is destroying my life.
Hello everyone. I suffer with Anxiety depression agoraphobia panic attacks and ptsd
How can I help a friend going through ptsd?
Does anyone have PTSD from being in a cult?
Repressed memories returning over 10 years later... in a state of numbness
cross-post from PTSDCombat, I'm here for you
Rough Day
Alternative Medicine and PTSD
PTSD due to events in my life
Self-care after a nightmare?
PTSD and ADD/ADHD at the same time? (x-Post with r/ADHD)
I don't know if I have ptsd or not
A new found respect for individuals with PTSD
Will the anxiety ever go away (after PTS is gone?)
Somatization
help/ vent for trigger / depression
how to heal from ptsd.
Frustration and getting help
Conflicted feelings about my abuser.
Anyone here abused by therapists, hospitals, or psychiatrists?
Realistic nightmares that don’t end on waking.
I need help handling stress
Fear of close/new relationships
[TW Physical Assault] I physically assaulted someone today.. advice needed
I don't know how to help my girlfriend
Biological Bet hedging
Brain scan?
What's reasonable to expect from a partner when you have PTSD?
Wanting to seek help but needing to tell my parents who caused the trauma in the first place in order to get it
Sudden realization has shook me as a person
Did anyone else try to draw their trauma and get told by their clinician they were not allowed to draw acts of their trauma, but only positive things?
My body remembers, I do not?
Am I the only one that’s tired of having to skip whole episodes or whole shows because they’re triggering!?
[deleted by user]
New issue related to my PTSD
My past-self and past trauma haunt me like a ghost
PTSD: How much can we expect from our partners?
Not my trauma, but still traumatized?
Sucks that suicide is a practical option for this
Feel like I'll never be able to live a normal live
ptsd black out- what is this thing
Lately the flashbacks have been more frequent and it's tearing me apart (possible trigger warning?)
Re-diagnosed two days ago and scared.
A lot of things I don't understand that haunt me every single day...
Experiences with ECT for PTSD symptoms?
Nightmares and PTSD
I live with the person responsible for my trauma
Health crashes/problems from PTSD
PTSD Haikus
i hate people touching me
Does anyone else here live off self deprecating/ dark humor?
Mind/ body dissonance
PTSD Treatments and Therapies
Friendly reminder that irregular periods can be a physical symptom.
Courage, Humility and Survival: one SAR Captain’s painting
I’m not good at titles but this is a question.
Being admitted to a dissociative disorders and trauma unit today.
Numb when triggered? Is this normal??
Propranolol for ptsd and anxiety???
The story of my wife's journey... https://tenthousanddays.blog/2018/01/22/my-wifes-inspiring-battle-with-traumatic-brain-injury-and-ptsd/
OCD and PTSD and breaking up with partners? Just plain wanting to be left alone.
Talking about sex with a therapist
Bad trip induced PTSD.... Wonder if therew anyone who can help....
Anyone here have a traumatic birth experience? How did you deal/are you dealing with it? This is some of my story.
Anyone up to chat?
Possibly developing new PTSD symptoms
Wondering if I should get checked for PTSD from familial violence
I think I'm finally accepting I have PTSD.
What treatment options are there?
Having trouble staying afloat
Starting EMDR within the coming weeks. Right now struggling to function at work and home. Need help talking out what to do.
Hospital visits trigger PTSD
Constant triggers in daily life
Free Course for those living with PTSD
I’m not understanding my symptoms.
I don't know how to cope. Any tips?
I have never felt innocence
Please help me understand what it is to have symptoms of PTSD
Whats wrong with me
Have to do something later that will be triggering...how to cope?
PTSD from multiple rapes, birth-parent neglect and multiple familial abusive situations. I’m [24 F] afraid to talk about it because I don’t want to be seen as the “girl who cries wolf.” I need help moving past the “it’s my fault” belief since I have experienced more than just one of the same trauma.
Newly diagnosed with PTSD but getting married next week
Anyone else seen the Deer Hunter?
I think I just had a flash back?
Not looking for a survey. Any advice for someone with lousy social skills on how to approach people with serious PTSD?
Rant: I’m not suicidal. Just having a terrible day, I hate the world and just want to die, I’ve been dissociating all day and I feel like I’m in a trance.
Longest flashback?
My girlfriend with ptsd has suddenly shut me out. What do I do?
Something in an article I read I thought I'd share
Afraid of people...
Getting reminded of the past
Anyone have success in relationships?
Trouble getting high from weed
Travel with PTSD?
What physical symptoms do you experience from PTSD
Seek out scary movies/books when triggered?
My parents don’t understand the flashbacks and I don’t want to have to explain any of it.
Recurring lucid nightmares
First date
Just a few thoughts about my life and hatred ...
Flexibility
Stimulant prescription for ptsd?
Question About Memory
Looking for people like me
Issues of self care. I know its my fault, but I cannot help but blame my abuser.
Passing out as a symptom
Owning a gun and having PTSD?
Childhood mental/physical abuse
Update to my recovery
I went on an airplane for the first time since my accident, so that's one step in the right direction.
PTSD and Cannabis, Federal Law
Life Survival Guide: The Mindful Book of Me
Therapist just starting talk of PTSD symptoms - I feel guilty and worthless
[deleted by user]
Really rough emdr session
I Was Prescribed Prazosin for Nightmares
Really rough couple of days.
I just began therapy for C-PTSD and I am having a hard time coping.
Disassociation Episodes
Female. PTSD from multiple years of violent sexual abuse. Wondering if anyone has had any success with any type “natural medicine” for panic attacks, insomnia, generalized anxiety...I haven’t and am still on meds.
Looking for London Ontario area mentor for friend
Sleepwalking / Not functioning as normal
People are selfish egotistical sacks of shit.
A friend of mine gave birth today and it was a really happy time... for about 10 minutes.
Tips for dating/making someone comfortable who has PTSD
I’m so alone.
Went to therapy today for the first time in three weeks. It seemed to go well, but I am worried.
Bad day
I hate going to work
Wondering if others experience the same stuff.
Questions about experiencing missing time. Looking for experiences more that an advice. What happens to you? How do you cope? Etc
My child's screaming triggers my PTSD
I’m kinda freaking out today. I met a new therapist, yay!
(trigger warning) the mods of /r/askreddit support rapists and ban sexual assault victims
Seeking advice about my boyfriend with PTSD
Do any of you ever feel pathetic?
Thinking out loud
Tips for when it’s all very overwhelming?
I just need some encouragement.
Why I’m ok
Self help.
Triggering dream (triggers are involved) Any help would be appreciated.
Therapist thinks I ought to, thinking about quitting weed, but man, I don't know.
I'm a writer, and my work-in-progress features a character admitting to himself that he has PTSD. I'd like to get this character right. If anyone is comfortable with describing their experience with it, I'd like to ask a few things.
PTSD and Anhedonia
NSFW Many, many possible triggers, this is my story.
Trauma, PTSD, the link with BPD, and avoiding stigma. Trigger warning.
Saw something horrific last week (TRIGGER WARNING)
Triggering moment today, and not sure how to talk about it with my boyfriend [trigger warning]
DSM on Tuesday
How do I talk to my friend?
What do you do when the cycle of destruction starts?
I don’t recognize who I am. Am I losing my mind?
Advice on Communicating through Trigger Moments?
Bullying gave me anxiety, anxiety made me an alcoholic and drug abuser, alcoholism gave me chronic gastrointestinal pain, and chronic gastrointestinal pain gave me intense homicidal feelings.
PTSD nightmares
My boyfriend has undiagnosed PTSD
PTSD catches up with you.
Washing machine issue
Help!.
Flashbacks/triggers after hearing kids screaming?
How do you cope with your life being threatened?
Craving deeper connections but feeling completely unrelatable
I am an 18 year old who does not know if they have PTSD. Please help me understand myself.
Does anyone else hear the voice of their abuser?
Such a happy day. New baby today, just now got into program I was trying for.
Happy news today.
Illness or injury?
Need advice
Her voice is winning
Struggling today, well, everyday I struggle with my ptsd. I just have an extremely hard time living even a simple life. Would like to hear comments of stories or symptoms of how debilitating ptsd is so I don't feel alone would be very helpful and supportive. Thank you everyone.
Dream trigger
My family believes I may have PTSD
What do you do to distract yourself from/cope with sensory or otherwise flashbacks?
Do I Belong Here?
Disassociating / Trouble concentrating / doing anything
Opinions of people self diagnosing?
I need tools
Im in the waiting room at the VA waiting to see a therapist. Its hard for me to believe its taken me 5 years to do this. I am nervous and excited .
Horrible Nightmare Last Night, bit worried (Trigger Warning for abuse and gratuitous violence)
What is PTSD really?
*Trigger warning* death
Sense of Doom
Triggered by something I never thought would happen again... [NSFW]
First post. Advice/help?
I’m not going to make it
Dept of Rehab Psych Evals
So tired.
How to find more support
Met with psychiatrist for first time today ever. The good, the bad, the irritating.
Coworker trouble
Flashbacks
Another terrible anniversary. Woke up crying. I'm ashamed and I hate myself. (Sexual abuse and violence)
What caused your PTSD?
Ever since I was kid I thought I would be dead by now.
For my fellow shut-ins
Kind of a rant, kind of a ramble. Maybe they're onto something?
Not again
[advice] PTSD/Depression Ruined My Freshman Year of College
id like an opinion about asking about inpatient
Trauma & envy
Traumatized
My friend passed away from mental illness. I decided to create a free community on Slack for anyone suffering and looking for support!
a poem
I ran into my abusive ex at a coffee shop after managing to avoid him for a year
I walked into a coffee shop and ran into my abusive ex after almost a year of managing to avoid him
A community where you can post your small victories through out the day!
How CAN I provide THE BEST support for someone with PTSD and Depression while he’s away on deployment ?
Fiancée having an increase in symptoms, any new ideas for calming?
I had my first EMDR session
Ever make your therapist cry?
Spent a month in basic and think I have PTSD
Why me?
Newly Diagnosed, feeling lost.
Triggered at work
best therapy experience?.
I just want to be normal
existing trauma as a child+internet shock sites: did i re-traumatize myself?
Just want to go back.
Perception of time?
Advice on my therapy, please? Am I in the wrong here?
Almost got attacked tonight..(possibly murdered). Worried what this means for my mental health
Does this make y’all mad too?
Just something I know you can all relate to
Small victory
Relationships.
Idk how to get past this...
Music triggers PTSD
My mom has BPD...Can I have a relationship with her if she's not willing to seek help? I can't keep sacrificing my mental health. (LONG POST)
Help please, husband always sneaking up on me
I’m pissing off the downstairs neighbors with my normal level of noisiness...and they in turn are triggering my PTSD
My poem about dealing with PTSD- "Man on Trial"
Need to recover from a plane crash
Hyper-vigilance making getting through the day difficult...
Not sure if I have PSTD
Dammit
Can anyone relate to PTSD from Jail or Prison?
Car Accident - Not Sure What Else to Say
Is it possible to have PTSD without the fear, flashbacks, have life be "easy", have no strong feelings about your trauma or bothered by it, and have all symptoms disappear when "safe"?
Just had a flashback because of my mom
I need help giving advice to my friend who has potentially been sexually as a young minor.
does anyone else flee to their own “safe spaces” when they go out?
We both are newly diagnosed with PTSD, and he says he doesn't love me. Has this happened to anyone else?
Advice re Coping with Nightmares
My life is nothing but suffering
UPDATE - My current state of panic
Substance Combo - Prazosin and Nacetylcistene - Anyone suffer adverse affects?
Paranoia/hypervigilance since seeing rapist
Can symptoms worsen once you are in a safer environment?
Anyone else have this problem?
How do we stand here and say, “Come forward, there is no Stigma anymore. You’ll be okay if you ask for help.”
Vorinostat could erase conditioned fear and help with PTSD
Advice on my comfort item
Fight the PTSD or give into it?
My thoughts on cannabis for PTSD
There's a Murder in My Apartment
currently overcoming PTSD from past sexual abuse, but feeling extremely depressed/unworthy in trying to "date" as i would have to disclose the abuse...
Daylight Savings: Why does everyone else get to enjoy more sunlight and I get waves of rage and fear?
I think I have undiagnosed PTSD
Survey thread - Surveys posted outside this thread will be removed
Self Help and Self Care Resources (Re-post)
I just don't know what to do, mostly just a vent post, but if you think there's something that can help I'm all ears
Have any of you been to Emotions Anonymous?
male suffering from fecklessness c-ptsd
Having panic attacks and intense depression... can't think straight for very long... can't do anything but try to distract myself...
Confused on where to start first
PTSD?
Dialectical Behavior Therapy Prolonged Exposure Protocol
dissociating while driving?
I Cured Myself
6 months on from trauma & subsequent diagnosis-my thoughts & experiences
Non-military friends with PTSD: how were you finally diagnosed?
I haven't felt safe in my own body for the past 6 years
Video Games and PTSD
How does medication affect your life and the way you manage your PTSD?
Could these recurring dreams and symptoms be ptsd?
My dad killed himself in front of me. Now my life is a complete tragedy. I don’t want to live anymore.
PTSD led me to be involuntarily discharged from my job (But this job is far different from the others I had in the past: this job was a God-send, a haven for the weary and the burdened, however nothing good really lasts forever.)
I was diagnosed with PTSD, and I cannot come to terms with it.
Is a physical reaction to a stressor normal?
Mother
Perception of PTSD
Most shades of therapy are just buddhism
[deleted by user]
Posted here when first diagnosed 6 months ago
Damaging emotions from work?
Is DBT useful for ptsd sufferers or..
Abusive relationships
Daily hallucinations induced by trauma/PTSD?
Analogy to describe Stress and PTSD
My husband is too loud when he plays video games.
I don't know what to do about my mother [NSFW, Advice]
Romantic Relationship with PTSD
The Rope
3 years ago today
Looking for a PTSD Victim who experienced virtual reality therapy for interview
Flashbacks and night terrors
Questions about medical marijuana (OH/NY/PA, USA)
That Hell
What a revoltin development
Do any of you have experience with Somatic Experiencing?
Before you judge someone who is self-diagnosed,
I did EMDR.. but I am afraid of letting go my PTSD
Mental health discord
What’s your experience on disability for PTSD?
Please help me understand
Non-stop Panic
I've been traumatized by a person and have no choice but to have them in my life.
Going through a rough time and I’m just feeling like I need to tell my story
After a 1 hour long flashback, I realized I have PTSD. How can I help myself and get support?
Telling your family that caused your PTSD that you have PTSD
Do you ever feel guilty for no real reason?
Fragmented Thoughts
Is it normal to feel like complete garbage after EMDR?
Can you talk to me about your experiences with dissociation?
Finally feeling like it's okay to be angry
Experienced an abusive relationship and trying to understand why it is haunting me so severely
The National Post calls PTSD service dog a fashion accessory! Shame on them.
The National Post calls PTSD service dog a fashion accessory!
PTSD / Stress / Autoimmune Issues
Has a flashback ever made you break down into tears?
ADA Accommodations - Shadiness
Being In a Relationship Living With PTSD
Ever had a day without worrying about the thing? Then you rejoice because you've gone a whole day without obsessing... until you realise youre thinking about the THING then the worrying cycle begins...
My abuser which is my mothers son is getting out of jail by the end of next year and I am freaking out. Should I take an offer of living with my friend in another state as a roommate?
Recently diagnosed - should I tell people?
How were you diagnosed?
Stressful week lead to anxiety like I haven't had in years.
Trial Attempting to Treat PTSD with Synthetic Cannabis Drug Goes Wrong
Observation about whether appearance/expression changes noticeably during dissociation (images)
Last week, my friend posed the question in my private PTSD group - Life After PTSD -, "How many of us have night terrors?" and it stirred up a lot of conversion.
It's March again [TW: Sexual Abuse]
Need advice ASAP - talking to a councelor for the first time
Do I have PTSD?
Was my ex abusive, or is it my ptsd talking
Does anyone yell or talk in their sleep?
Set off in the most stupid of ways
New to this.
My PTSD made this episode worse but it also helped me realize that I’m more likely to be aware of danger when it is present. I won today’s battle but know there are more to come.
My Story at 15 (depression, anxiety, PTSD, dysthymia)
Tearing down the walls
Sensory overload
Raped by a man in a lizard costume who injected me with drugs...
My story.
Has anyone else had a late onset PTSD diagnosis? Diagnosed 6 years after sexual assault even though I’ve received counselling and psychiatric care the whole time.
I can't get it back.
Constant Fear of Someone Taking Revenge on Mw
At random times of the day, I feel weird, like I don’t want to be around the people I’m with even if I love them dearly. I feel uncomfortable and sick and I don’t know why.
Complex PTSD: how my family almost died and now is making history.
Terrified to start treatment and finding it hard to accept my diagnosis. Any advice?
How do you fix?
money ... feeling trapped
I went on a date with a man who says he “used to” have PTSD and I’m having mixed feelings about it.
Update: I'm still pissed off about the false narrative that conflates mental illness and violence, and I think we should start a letter-writing campaign.
ADA/Employer Questions
PTSD causing 6 years of homelessness, now. I think therapy has made it worse.
Socializing in groups?
Military PTSD
Is anyone else pissed off at media narrative that falsely conflates mental illness and violence?
How can I help my friend?
How do you find a therapist you feel comfortable with?
“It’s in the past, just move on”
Terror of hurting others
Tips for helping a boyfriend with PTSD
Does anyone else have an alcohol problem?
Having trouble with PTSD and can't get out of my situation...
Just diagnosed with PTSD. Support and any advice/info would be appreciated!
Pelvic Exam/Pap Smear advice
Do I have PTSD?
CPTSD and loud children (screaming, etc)
Update: Is anyone else here dealing with hyperacusis? ~Great news~
I feel suicidal
I'm really struggling with a traumatic event.
I Keep Losing Jobs
I had a panic attack tonight, and all the feelings associated with PTSD came rushing back at once.
Episode
I don't want to dream tonight.
Around a 2-year lifespan for hobbies/obsessions?
Tutoring someone with PTSD in college. (Non-Combat related) I need advice.
Coming to terms with my trauma (trigger warning:emotional, sexual, psychological abuse)
Can't sleep
Thinking about going back to the military
Mental health discord
Disclosing cannabis use to therapist
New Member - Just got a diagnosis
unstable mental health possible PTSD? Genuinely trying to find cause of my unstable mental health.
Any exp with cubensis mushroom?
I’m triggered
Possible problem with counselor?
If you have PTSD , don't watch Logan. It isn't like other Xmen movies. At all.
Am I crazy to think that somebody can be more dead than alive? (ptsd/911-WTC)
Though I was having appendicitis
My diagnosis is getting worse, lol!
Is anybody else currently on anti-psychotics?
Loving someone with PTSD
How? When? What did you do?
New here!
I’m really afraid right now I think my attacker knows where I live
I'm considering taking a break from my current relationship.
I feel suffocated, as if I had a weight on my chest
Therapy lasted two days, and it was so bad I felt the need to create a throwaway!
May seem obvious idk does anyone?else seem always sceptical about their SO?
They had to take me off the one medication that worked and I can feel myself going into a downward spiral.
I don't feel like anyone around me understands what I'm going through
I'm experiencing fear and depression but my trauma feels 10,000 miles away
Friend with PTSD had a panic attack and blow-up last night. Could I have reacted better? LONG
medical marijuana
Some of the best days and the worst reactions to them.
I am definitely a member of this sub
Visual disturbances?
PTSD from psychiatric care - how to get help? (terrified)
Have you ever had PTSD related to an activity, goal, or workplace?
Computer Monitor Mirror to see behind you
Questions about PTSD - Desperate
PTSD from a BAD mental hospital experience?
Dialectical Behavioral Therapy (DBT) for anxiety, depression, ptsd
Do you think watching the security footage of the armed robbery I was involved in a week ago will be detrimental to my recovery?
Any war vets with ptsd lose your faith, or desire for church after you got back home?
I asked a question today and I got told that I was stupid which is my biggest trigger.
So, anyone have anything they'd like to vent about?
ADHD and PTSD. Feel like my life is falling apart. How do you all cope with ADHD in conjunction with trauma/depression/anxiety?
How to handle college?
Unable to speak after having flashback
Anyone had a sleep study done?
Sometimes I wonder if PTSD can be passed down through children
I don't know what to do
Processing
Tips for sleeping
How many of these old Twilight Zone episodes in army settings are just describing PTSD and flashbacks before it was better understood?
Anger about time lost to pain?
Can't even appreciate my birthday
Finally Started Seeing A Therapist! :) Also, Has Anyone Else Tried EMDR?
Questions about CBT and PE.
Trouble understanding instructions.
Rage and Depression; confessions of a professional soldier turned madman
Experience with EMDR
Anyone else have problems with drinking?
How do I help my partner who has PTSD
Well f***
Can anniversary symptoms start 3 weeks before the actual anniversary date?
Is this a normal symptom? First time post...
Adderall, wellbutrin, and ?
Gahhhhahhh the frustration
Posture, triggers, and vulnerability
4 year anniversary of my moms unexpected death-how to deal with disturbing flashbacks and general loss.
Hello New Here
Any medical trauma people here?
How to handle PTSD in college? I end up becoming hypervigilant in classes and hallways to the point I become too aware of my surroundings to fully concentrate
I'm new to this subreddit and could use some help...
TW/CW Mass Shooting, Sexual Abuse
[trigger warning] almost ended it
I'm not sure if I've got PTSD or another trauma related disorder
Girlfriend has PTSD and Bipolar. She recently hit me in an argument. Don't want to leave her but don't know how to help.
“Have a good night, Steve”
Flashback(?) during sex
How do you handle self imposed isolation?
Recovering psychopath with PTSD symptoms looking for advice.
Advice for Light/Seasonal Triggers (TW Rape)
When you have PTSD how much of bein in fight or flight is legitimate or an excuse?
Loss of Intimacy
Fuck these shootings.
How to deal with unsupportive friend who wants to be supportive?
Coming to grips with why I am who I am (child abuse survivor)
EMDR & Anxiety
Hello I suffer from ptsd. I get angry randomly and have fights over eggs, and driving me somewhere. It ruins my relationship to the point where my boyfriend tells me he can handle it but says that it’s so hard, and it stresses him out and that I need to work on the anger for him.
Sometimes I yearn for those high action situations again
Mdma self cure
A cute little cartoon I was happy to stumble across.
Diagnosed with PTSD and OCD
I had my first proper flash back today and now I'm having a major panic attack
Diagnosed. Need someone to talk to and ask questions..
Coping with admitting that I'm disabled
Great TED talk on PTSD
Anger management tip?
Recently diagnosed
Anxiety Stop app is an automated system of breathing exercises that are clinically practiced by patients with anxiety disorders
PTSD research being done for a story I’m writing. (Combat Veterans preferred)
Just had the most horrific nightmares in my life.
Today is the anniversary of the first of my traumatic events in life
Zoloft?
How to have a normal relationship
Am I disassociating?
Do I have ptsd? How do I bring it up to my psychiatrist.
Does anyone else experience this?
I Think I Have PTSD
Whenever I have something nice, the only thing I can think about is how it will vanish
Got better... than got worse than it ever has before
My story of PTSD: From the beginning to the end (?)
Anyone else having the "trigger" stigma make their life a living hell?
PTSD is causing major problems for college and family
Favorite music video about PTSD
My PTSD is what could make end my relationship
Would anyone be interested in telling their story?
There's no going back, getting free from or curing PTSD/C-PTSD. You just need to adapt to it and move forward
Just wanted to say that as a veteran with severe PTSD, I'm really fucking glad weed exists. I wouldn't be alive today if I hadn't started smoking.
Realizing how much of my childhood I don't remember
What can I do to help my dad?
Husband dealing with ADHD, PTSD, APD and possible DID wife, just venting...
Sexual traumitization and in need for treatment.
Not sure what to think
PTSD Accommodations
Is there any corelation for ptsd suppressing ocd?
Went to a therapist requesting EMDR, was told I need CBT first
Tw sexual abuse
I'm gonna go ahead and take a shower on my day off for once.
Any advice for dealing with triggering holidays?
PTSD from Witnessing Pet Cruelty
Too Much Interaction
bad panic attack in front of friends
What were your experiences like with dating?
My “first” flashback?
Dirt bikes and PTSD
Had an episode
Hey I'm new
Internal battle and both sides are losing
I've been having some kind of unbearable stress response for several days now. And its too much to handle
Does Anyone Else Age Regress, Despite Not Having Childhood Trauma?
Prazosin stopped the nightmares
Ringing in ears from ptsd
Dizziness after EMDR
Up from a nightmare at 6 am *domestic violence trigger warning*
Discouraged about dating thanks to you guys
A dissassociation confession
What it feels like in my head.
Potential Trigger Warning: Break the Dam
Anyone ever try Kratom?
I can’t decide what I want to do with my life. 26 years old. OEF vet. All I can think about is the military. Thoughts are chaotic. Is this because of ptsd?
My cat dying and PTSD
Possibly PTSD from Break in
When you have PTSD and then have another traumatic event how do you cope?
Starting EMDR therapy again after relapse.
This is a weird question, but do I have PTSD?
Period intensifies feelings of disgust
Help! I keep having intrusive thoughts and memories. (Could be triggering)
Should I find a new therapist or treatment modality? Having a hard time with EMDR
Does anyone else experience their blood pressure rising during super bad intrusive thoughts? I feel like I get this super hot sensation down my neck & spine which usually leads to more anxiety
How to befriend my roommate after trauma
Should I just pack up and leave? I want to move across the country.
Some progress? Maybe?
Can someone just tell me things get better.
Day 2 quitting weed, a lot of emotions (x-posted to r/leaves)
The monster that is PTSD rearing it’s ugly head
Need Advice: GF with severe PTSD and Roommates
Nightmares are getting worse...
Anyone familiar with the Havening technique?
I watched a coworker die today and it gave me such bad flashbacks.
Valentine’s Day Gift for his/her Lover.
In what ways does your PTSD manifest itself physically?
Anxiety and depression symptoms manifest as anger (non-violent) and furious nihilism. Anyone have similar experiences?
Is it possible to have PTSD and not really remember the precise cause / causes?
PTSD and my life at home
What is ptsd. Please help.
Recent Diagnosis - Guilt
Have I got PTSD?
Teachers tactics trigger me
Emotional numbing/detachment during nightmares.
Why do some people try to minimize PTSD?
Is it possible to suffer ptsd from reoccurring nightmares?
Whats up with attachment?
PTSD Court Treatment Update #3:I got a job and my treatment went to shit for 2 weeks. I think I’m reverting.
Issues with men...
FREE ebook on Amazon: Exploring Mental Health
I found out my extreme anxiety is PTSD (CW/TW: Suicide, Sexual Abuse, Mass Shooting)
You are my best friend you are my brother. And I wish I was more like you.
Does anyone hear voices in only in the dark?
Is this PTSD
PTSD/EMDR Questions
I might have PTSD
Is this mild ptsd? If so, how to cope with it?
I always know when it's a ptsd nightmare, because they almost always include me mauling someone into disfigurement with my bare hands.
Dissociative episode after discussing trauma in therapy
Special consideration for PTSD
Are there any good videos relating to ptsd or visualizing any of the experience?
Yet another night where this fluffy dork prevented me from trying to kill myself
How do I feel empowered?
Resources specifically for secondary trauma?
I'm not sure if I have ptsd or not..
Complex PTSD and a terrible night
OCD interlocked with PTSD is pure hell. I'm watching someone I love struggle with this combo and Seeing them in physical and mental pain like this is heartbreaking. I wish I could help.
Can't do EMDR until I feel better about myself? I need your opinions on this!!!
Back into the world
PTSD and College, please help
Is it normal to feel completely drained after a ptsd nightmare?
Breaking up with r/ptsd
Meditation and healing from trauma
I think I've been dissociating for like 10 years, at least? [various TWs] Is this a problem that needs to be fixed?
I feel like no one would believe me until I get myself diagnosed
Unexpectedly diagnosed with PTSD.
Relapse
Lately my dreams have been strange, sleep schedule is nonexistent.
Remembering More and I don’t know what to do with myself
I resent pill addicts so much
Is it normal to not go to school after a school shooting?
Freaking out about washing machine
So my downstairs neighbors (apartments) got their 3 year old a drum set
Is it possible for me to have PTSD without recollection of the traumatic event? (Does anyone have PTSD without remembering the event?)
Invisible Heroes
Dear world, mental illness doesnt just go away
PTSD without memories?
Ptsd and issues with sense of self and reality
Does anyone dissociate and then think it was alcohol (but they were sober)?
Does anyone else get physically sick (colds, strep, etc.) after a bad bout of PTSD?
Have you tried CBD oil to help with PTSD symptoms?
Employment with PTSD
I'm starting to feel cold...
PTSD caused by work
Need Information!
Therapist Delaying PE
So upset right now
First part into The Body Keeps the Score by Bessel Van Der Kolk
Going to discuss details of my rapes soon with a witness in a week or so.
11 months after attack, still getting insomnia, should I take sleep medication?
Training a dog to recognise panic attacks
I just had a flashback at my job
And Today, out of Nowhere
Lost
Nightmare explanation?
Does anyone on here have experience with Zoloft?
Dealing with driving PTSD, any experience, strength, or hope?
Finding my muscles flexing involuntarily and constantly having to relax them.
Going back to school
PTSD story
Compulsive behavior from old trauma?
Doubting myself and my trauma
Within the first year of having PTSD, did you feel like things were getting worse for you?
I feel so stuck right now
Veterans and Anyone who needs support
Stuck in bed today, disassociating, conversion disorder acting up.
Vision Boards for those of us with PTSD
Can't afford therapy, so what the hell do I do now?
If you could describe your experience with PTSD in one word, what would it be?
Advice for night terrors
I really need advice(NSFW)
Girlfriend has PTSD and I make it worse, please help
I just got diagnosed professionally.
Work from home job suggestions for accommodating PTSD
Ptsd and humidity
I get stressed really bad recently, don't have PTSD, i hope but would like some advice
I fucked up another relationship because of my PTSD. I do not know how to apologize, I am scared.
Feels good to cry.
How to manage embarrassment over hyper vigilance ?
Sacrificed my life to save a loved one
What are some good guides/guidelines/personal advice for finding an effective therapist for my situation?
Hypersensitivity
PTSD is hurting my marriage
This Book is a fantastic resource for anyone learning about PTSD.
I think I have an episode of PTSD. Help is appreciated.
Forgot Who I Was
Excerpt from book, "Living with PTSD" warning very descriptive
Seeing a doctor tomorrow because I’m pretty sure I have PTSD, what should I expect?
Is there a way to get rid of nightmares/disturbing daydreams and stop dissociating? Or at least lessen it?
Extreme Pain
Everything is a Trigger Today
I had my first EMDR session and my thoughts are...
Is a blog on one's PTSD interesting?
PTSD recovery experience?
my new trauma is literally ruining my life
triggered by a mod on another sub
dissociative flashback destroying my life and has been a burden on my happiness ever since said event, i do not have Diagnosed PTSD and desperately need advice!
Attempted BreakIn
Anxiety Stop app is an automated system of breathing exercises that are clinically practiced by patients with anxiety disorders.
Question Re: Hearing Crying
I feel like no one takes my PTSD seriously
Can you have PTSD from almost drowning?
Need to open up to someone; looking for guidance
I feel like it's my fault
PTSD triggered by people in general
Has anyone else thrown up from anxiety/panic?
dont know what to do anymore . . .
disability for PTSD?
Well
Well
Frustrated.
Olfactory hallucinations
In behavioral therapy and psychiatric outpatient care but...
Trying to help my friend, but I’m in a corner
Distinguishing PTSD from Post Traumatic Growth
What to do when it feels like too much?
My Partner has Disassociative Flashbacks and Runs Off - Need Tips
Need a little help...
Any book and online resources for tweens to work through traumatic experiences?
Legit PTSD inquiry with tl;dr at the bottom
2003
It’s been some rough stuff
DAE: Dissociate when triggered to the point where you’re unresponsive?
I don't know how to cope anymore, but I want to
Unrelated to this subreddit but Here is the man who will bring us mind uploading in the future for dreaming> http://rak.minduploading.org/ and randal.a.koene@gmail.com. I think its amazing and cool because transferring consciousness to a macro machine is definitely exciting!
MDMA treatment for PTSD and other personality disorder
Just got robbed.
Finally getting help
Iv had ptsd for 10 Years, I was never told what to expect or what a flash back is. A little insight in to my more manic/panicky moments would be good
PTSD court treatment update #2: The Euphoria is wearing off and reality is setting in. It’s not all bad, but it’s not all good.
I had my 'first' ever flashback this weekend... I have some questions (tw: childhood sexual abuse)
I hate February
Really rough couple of weeks, might have lost my support people, just need a sanity check
Is it normal to not be able to remember a traumatic story that happened to someone else ?
Molested by father... Complacent mother...
Being a young mom with PTSD
Some thoughts on dissociation?
I'm having a tough few days. Also memory questions?
Non-combat PTSD
Possible trauma from hospitalization, and people think I need to get over it.
I think I have PTSD
Getting a job with PTSD in the US Federal Goverment- Advice
I just lost my service dog.
Tough living at home with parents
second hand depression
Two years and a couple years ago i had a shit experience that shouldn't have been traumatizing but it was...(support only.)
I lost the first job I’ve had since my breakdown
Applying for disability?
My therapist is MIA
BotBiofeedback.com – A free, online heart rate monitor that changes the volume of a wave sound with your heart rate (also known as biofeedback).
A shadow just set me off.
Nightmares
I feel like i am possibly struggling with depersonalizational issues
indont
Veterans who learn Transcendental Meditation find relief from PTSD, new study shows (After one month, 80 percent had symptoms reduced to below the clinical level)
Burden
Has anyone survived a terrorist attack/assassination attempt? How are you getting on today?
Experience reporting sexual abuse? Is it worth it? (X-post from /r/rapecounseling)
Home alone this weekend
I think my trauma made me forget how to love
I am losing it.
[deleted by user]
Could this be considered traumatic? NSFW
I'm back in therapy and it was probably the best decision I could have made.
Anxiety to rule the day and bad dreams to rule the night
Anyone else here have PTSD related to a physical injury that can never be repaired?
Remember you're living with PTSD, not the other way around.
Does your ptsd get blamed for a lot of your medical issues?
Boyfriend triggered me today (accidentally)
Does ptsd ever fucking go away??
Flashbacks
Two stretches you can do at home that actually help make rage and anxiety go away
Not sure if I still need meds?
Wonderful experience with Prozac
Need advice on finishing internship while dealing with PTSD and anxiety
Zoning out or dissociation?
There's a trauma AMA on r/traumatoolbox by professionals!
Any experience with Clonazepam and Carbamazepine?
I've been numb for so long I'm scared what normal feels like. (Starting EMDR soon!)
Can't tell my combat vet S.O. I have ptsd
[NFSW] [Vent] [Trigger Warning] Feel like I won't recover
Trouble with anxiety and dissociation
I took a shower!
Diagnosed with ptsd but doubting
Would anyone be interested in a kik group for PTSD?
PTSD resulting from car accident.
Any “fawn” types here?
Does anyone else here smoke weed to help?
I Had a Grocery Store Freakout
Feel worse after therapy - anyone else?
False memories and EMDR
Thot Magic
Fear of sex in new relationship (f/24 with m/26)
being upset about getting therapy / help
I did not win today, but I’ll try again tomorrow.
How do you tell the person who caused your PTSD that you have PTSD because of them?
Overbearing numbness
It Took So Many Years
Little Sleep
How can i help my 16year old friend with PTSD
Bad thoughts
Where can I find information on developmental trauma?
Sleep Paralysis and PTSD: Unwelcome Truth Realized
How is it discussed in counseling?
I feel like such a child [Rant] [NSFW]
Someone loves you
EMDR has started messing up my sleep, or is it?
Seriously struggling
How to know which therapist is good or not?
It's the little things that bother me more
I just wanted to warn everyone that Logan Paul posted a video of a guy that hung himself in the suicide forest. I just wanted to put a warning out there to not watch the video because he actually shows the poor soul that ended his life. I don’t know what else to say here, I’m just so disgusted.
Rough night after college orientation NSFW
*”I was diagnosed with everything from schizophrenia to multiple personality disorder as well as bipolar and all the things that doctors traditionally have placed on people, who are really just trauma patients.” - Darell Hammond*
Triggers and flashbacks 🙁
Trigger Warning. something I wrote during an episode
Healing from the Foot Up
Advice on medications and therapy
Fuck this loud fucking holiday.
What have been your most successful coping mechanisms?
Looking for a friend on Craigslist was a joke.
PTSD melt down on NYE
I don’t want to live like this anymore
Exhausting dreams
I need personal space
My gut has given out
(Rant)Why do people think it's okay to ask why I have PTSD?!
How long does it take between the events and the symptoms? When can you be reasonably sure that you don't have PTSD?
My ex's bf has been making me feel threatened.
Pursuit for relief
Is medication suppose to make you better over time. Or do things only work because I’m on medication?
Has anyone tried MDMA for treatment?
I gave the person who gave me PTSD, PTSD
22/f childhood abuse, overwhelmed
I still live with the roommate that gave me PTSD
Gonna be honest, I don’t think any treatment the VA offers for PTSD is effective.
Rage
Suicide
Gay = good
Unable to be Diagnosed/Treated. Do I have PTSD? Help!! IDK What to Do!
New diagnosis, not much of a shock.
My tips to deal with PTSD
I'm too afraid of dying to function...
I was diagnosed with PTSD Tuesday.
Anyone Ever Try Online Psychiatry?
Podcast discusses PTSD in hopes of helping others understand what a person with PTSD goes through.
Aware is completely free for students and people diagnosed with mental health problems
Don’t know where else to go with this.
Is it worth it to go to therapy for less than 3 months? Doing online text only therapy now, I'm moving countries so if I find an IRL therapist I will have to cut it short.
Just Can't Win
Sorrow and Misery
My girlfriend has ptsd, any advice or resources?
Supplemental treatment options?
This is embarrassing (long)
I don’t know about everything that happened
Antipsychotics?
I feel like I'm falling apart.
Do you ever feel like you're in another universe
I think I'm starting to crack.
DAE sleepwalk?
Is it PTSD?
I thought I made it through the holiday incident free for the first time
Advice? - abusive parent's friends and family members keep contacting me and my friends through social media
I hate everything
Do your doctors pin all of your physical symptoms on PTSD?
Does anyone ever fully recover from this?
I was recently diagnosed with ptsd
Emotions taking over your life after the trauma?
Sleep Disorder Solidarity Thread
When is alcohol/drugs considered medication?
DAE just start crying
I'm a dickhead when I'm not high
What are panic attacks like for you?
Temporal Lobe Seizures?
Mantra Ideas
Into the Woods
I need help..
Update on Combat PTSD Veterans Court: I finally have just shut up and did what they told me, rather than what felt good.
Today my therapist said I have PTSD. This was the first time a professional has said it, and I’m not really sure what it is I’m feeling about it.
I just found out I have PTSD after leaving with it for 20 years
I just don’t know what to do with myself sometimes
Is it possible to have ptsd from what someone else went through? [NSFW]
Suggested reading?
He tells me it's my fault this happened and i am like this....
PTSD just makes me angry.
Please help, idk what to do with the man I love that has combat PTSD
How do you handle non-avoidable every day triggers/reactions?
Am I being rude, or did my therapist cross the line?
Doc says I have ptsd, I don't recall how it could have started, and question it
At what point does this cross over into a more severe disorder?
Dissociation more common/starts in your feet?
Am I even human?
PTSD/obsession with imagery perpetrated by a suspected narcissist
Ever since the traumatic event I experienced seven years ago I no longer feel able to enjoy anything or connect with anything or anyone.
Ever since the traumatic event seven years ago, I no feel in the moment or able to enjoy anything.
My (23F) inability to emotionally connect with others is interfering with my love life. Advice please.
So lonely and scared, worried this will never get better.
Took a huge step yesterday!
TMI/Trigger? Not sure where to post this but I need help
this is my story
I don't want to be a victim but I want to be understood
TW: Intimacy. I think I had a flashback last night but don't want to admit it.
Afraid my PTSD will ruin my families Christmas
Radio this time of year.
I feel like I’ve been dragged so far back.
Going on a trip with PTSD related to a car accident
I have PSTD because of knee injuries and it makes me feel stupid and a liar
Fear response every time someone comes up my stairs
PTSD has made my life hell: I no longer recognize myself
PTSD from abortion? Anyone else like me?
What can I expect from prolonged exposure?
Another nightmare about my abusive ex. It's been a year and a half. I'm so tired of this.
Looking for some advice
At what point does the way someone speaks to you become abuse?
I’m freshly diagnosed and I’m absolutely so tired of hearing “...What do you mean, you have PTSD? You weren’t in the war...” Anyone else?
My worst trigger in a very long time also came with a small victory.
Ptsd and self harm
Anyone have a service dog?
Involved in a tragic car accident, now diagnosed with PTSD, what now?
Losing my mind, think this is physically killing me
Treating CPTSD with vitamins?
„Either it‘s a development disorder or PTSD...“
Not sure how much longer I can keep going
Thank you reddit for helping me work through an episode
I am desperate for help. One of the victims of LSD.
How to help someone through an episode/flashback?
Looking for Medi-Cal covered psychiatrists in the inland empire.
Feeling like your trauma isn't traumatic enough?
How to cope with anger towards the people who caused your PSTD?
I Think, I have all "Yes" :/
Does anyone else gravitate to a specific location when in a flashback?
Anyone else an alcoholic or drink more than they should?
Help? PTSD and Christmas music
About to start Therapy - need encouragement.
My doctor thinks my school gave me PTSD. {if you don't care for details skip to paragraph 4}
I’m not looking for a diagnosis. I have the resources to get checked out, but they’re not takin me too serious given the field.
I feel like a passive accomplice in my abuse...
First EMDR session - experience
I Finally Slept Ok!!!!
Lonely
How do I get a service animal?
PTSD and parenting
Newly diagnosed... and struggling to hold in the anger
I Feel Horrible Being Diagnosed With PTSD
Found out i have PTSD 10 years later
How do you tell someone you have ptsd? This person has and does help me through panic attacks but doesn’t know ptsd is a factor on top of an anxiety disorder.
What your feelings on the current climate of sexual assault revelations and the emotional value of speaking up?
Need Advice
PTSD as a punchline
Never knew why I startle so easily/seem to have PTSD
I think I have the disassociative subtype. 😳
15 Famous People Suffering from PTSD
Success story: living in the moment
Making progress but still falling.
I just dissociated for 10 minutes, a new record low
Night terrors
How do I help?
Physically assaulted tonight/flashbacks triggered
There is a hole where my trauma used to be.
How do you manage your flashbacks?
Stress dreams
I'm angry and I don't know how to deal with this
I'm slipping
Every other day symptoms
Finally decided to get help which requires filing for FMLA and holy mother of god did I make a huge mistake because now it seems like I'm being discriminated against at work.
Experiences with trazadone/hydroxyzine?
My abuser sent me a friend request...
Advice for portraying a character with PTSD
PTSD and Propranolol
Health Trauma
My NYC trip ended with flashbacks and bad news
Some help for a boyfriend..
Intense nightmares years after leaving military
So... what do you watch?
My wife is divorcing me, and I can't deal with my mistakes[cross post from /CPTSD]
I think my abuser is looking for me... I'm terrified
After being recently displaced due a house fire (along with some other life stresses) I can't tell if I have PTSD and need therapy; or if this is just something I need to give time for healing...
Complex PTSD and moving forward
PTSD or just anxiety?
Please give advice, partially urgent.
Don't understand what's going on
How do you fix this?
Questioning whether I have PTSD or not
Can I smoke weed while going through EMDR?
PTSD and BDSM
Waiting outside my new therapist’s office. Anxious!
(abuse, rape) Some positive vibes (poem) for women who survived
I can't control my emotions
Question for everyone who's faced psychological/mental abuse
Is it possible to have PTSD from an event that you don't see as traumatic
Opening up for the first time at work
I want to die [trigger warning]
Hyper-arousal & Restlessness
dropped out of uni for the 2nd time
PTSD after a C-section. Feeling really alone.
Please be gentle
Are any of you extremely irritated by repetitive things?
Legal implications of PTSD // grad school
Am I reading this email the wrong way?
I feel like therapy is helping and making me worse at the same time
Venting 21[F] CPTSD & Panic Disorder. AMA
Anyone else terrified of certain people, entities, and places?
It's PTSD, not PTS
Text therapy for PTSD
I kind of just want to tell my story. *NSFW*
First trigger after trauma
Being abused by men and women is not fun [RANT]
This is tough- but so are you. You are my hero, and I want to thank YOU. (plus AWESOME quote from Canadian First Nations author)
Will (solo and partnered) sexual pleasure ever come back?
Feeling low tonight. Again.
Anyone have problems rerembering pretty much everything?
Veteran PTSD Self-Assessment and Strengths-Based Resources
Hello, my name is Kay and I was diagnosed with PTSD about 8 years ago.
Infinite Nightmare Cycle
Remedies for nightmares? Haven't slept a full night in weeks.
I think there is something wrong with me...
Now, my uncle is a rapist.
No or prefer not to answer?
Did I develop PTSD? (Possible trigger warning)
possible death of grandmother being a trigger to childhood abuse ptsd
does anyone else find those *trigger warnings and safe spaces* somewhat damaging towards PTSD in that it wont be taken as seriously?
At what point is it okay to just admit you no longer serve a purpose here?
Does anyone else wake up in the morning or at night so hot you think you are going to explode and can’t get back to sleep?
Stress and ringing in ears also waking me up suddenly at night
PTSD and OCD question?
Random numbness/coldness?
Does anyone here wish they could be euthanized?
How to minimize the effect of nightmares?
I saw my therapist Wednesday
Do you ever think maybe modern life has just become too vicious for you and people like you?
In the waiting room to see a shrink for the first time in almost 8 years. It’s time to sort some shit out
PTSD and childhood repressed memories?
Do I have PTSD 5 years later?
I think my son may have PTSD
Cleaned my kitchen for the first time without flashbacks
Job related PTSD?
Is carrying a firearm a bad way to feel relief?
Im extremely flinchy and have an extreme startle response, and I was mainly just neglected. Is there something more?
Mood tracking app that includes paranoia?
holiday triggers
New flashbacks new ptsd
Paranoia, paranoia, paranoia
My new PTSD blog -thing
Do I have PTSD? Need All of Your Advice
Hi guys, what do you think about this app?
CBS News Interviews Dr. Ashraf Hanna - Breakthrough Depression Treatment with IV Ketamine
Construction next door has me shaking.
Bodily sensations from repressed emotions
Coming down from severe anxiety attack currently - pointers for prevention?
It's feels like my brain is dying.
New here, thanks Irma!
I needed to get this out
Blog for Recovery journey
Intimate with my boyfriend
Is empathy a trigger?
Is it too much to ask...
Acting out
[NEWS] PTSD added to list of conditions eligible for medical marijuana in NY
[deleted by user]
Blame for being raped?
PTSD related nightmares, anyone find good coping mechanisms?
[Advice]Caught between an old habit and a new hope
[deleted by user]
[RANT] Triggered getting my kids ready for school
Anyone feel like a black hole?
Has anyone ever tried BOTH EMDR and Brainspotting?
I don't know where to start reestablishing my feeling of safety because I don't feel safe anywhere, I have too many triggers and almost nothing brings me the feeling of safety, help pls
Light, Prism, Rainbow
Any one else on Pregabalin/Lyrica?
Support / Advice / Conversation
Getting worse?
Having a rough one tonight
Forgiving your abuser.
Had a seizure for no discernible reason.
Pretty sure all my friends hate me.
I still hope it's the authorities
Had a nightmare about my ex last night
PTSD and a bad knee... need Canadian specific help I think
My girlfriend left me and i need people
Criteria for diagnosis?
Question about symptoms
Help fight prison-borne PTSD!
Can't leave room - what to tell work??
Anyone feel like they are too broken to love and be loved?
disassociation (cw: ab*se mention- i cant figure out how to mark this NSFW)
Sharing a room with boys
Not sure if this is the right place, but my most traumatic experiences are almost all related to manipulative people making me doubt myself. My thoughts and findings on the subject.
Can someone help me
Need advice with communicating with husband with PTSD (and can I have PTSD too?)
My therapist told me I have PTSD today, looking for support
Binaural Beats PTSD Sound Therapy? Do they work?
A good casual, wearable heartrate monitor?
I hate alarms and sirens in popular media
Fatigue/lack of energy is now my worst symptom?
Is it PTSD?
Tetris helps me when I have to relive some of the trauma and takes the edges off for sure. Plenty of free apps and worth a try ! source below :)
I feel alone, broken, and guilty
I'm having constant nightmares and horrible sleep
Vision is fucked, trying to predict shit
I can't recall last night
I can’t sleep. I think I’m having an episode. All I can think about is being raped. What can I do to make it stop? I feel nauseated.
Why do you have PTSD?
Triggered at work
Burn out and PTSD - persistent feeling of worthlessness
Shooting or military specific subreddit?
I can't stop being angry at myself for freezing.
My boyfriend wants to take me out on a date somewhere a (minor) trauma occurred
Saying “but idk” or “haha” after everything
Boyfriend and I accidentally triggered my PTSD during our intimacy.
Switching from psychologist to psychiatrist?
I didn't think a grocery store job could cause PTSD.
After a couple of bad days, I had a good weekend :)
Expose your self to triggers or stay away from them?
Are PTSD dreams always trauma replayed, or do you dream about other things?
Is this PTSD?
I don’t know who I am anymore and I’m scared
Suicidal thoughts are taking over
Healing
Do you guys freak out when people express love and affection to you?
Sexually triggered
I'm not sure I will ever get a job again
A self-help method to help for PTSD based on EFT and NLP (this should not be regarded as an alternative of going to see a Doctor). Different methods work for different people, don't give up!
I thought I was only raped by one person...
I think someone just tried to break into my house. Home alone for the weekend.
Noises and Tricks
Been 5 years, still having trouble getting over it
I can't sleep
Can childhood trauma be lined to learning abilities and mental illnesses?
Can leaning abilities and mental illnesses come from a traumatic childhood?
How do you trust people?
Trying to get diagnosised with PTSD for treatment by my doctor says because I don't remember the event its not ptsd
May disassociation be a consequence of PTSD?
Help! Struggling to communicate
What music do you guys like?
Prazosin?
PTSD robs the ability to be happy
Did anything help you with a body stuck in fight or flee mode?
Existence is pain.
Long, pointless and emotional rant :(
Is it normal to feel ptsd years after it happened?
PTSD and school advice
[deleted by user]
reddit is really triggering me lately and I feel dumb about it
Trauma Impact Statement
I finally got up
service dogs for ptsd?
[X-Post from r/abusesurvivors][Partner of a survivor] A horrible thing just happened to my gf involving her past abuser and I'm out of state on a business trip. I'm not sure what to do for her. I'm really worried.
I'm trying real hard not to cut any more hair off
Today started off fine. It’s turned into a horrible day. I have an idea what triggered it but I have no control over this I am so overwhelmed. My husband can’t take hearing anymore about my problems. I don’t want to put it on my adult kids. I have absolutely no one to talk to till therapy in Feb
I don't know who I am but I don't want to be me. I'm so tired and I want to be forgotten so I can leave.
iv had ptsd since i was 8 and no one ever really told me what to expect, even now nearly 10 year later
Looking for a volunteer to answer some questions over and email "interview"
Can rehab help people with suicide tendencies?
"I used to have PTSD."
Cannot get out of hyperarousal loop. I'm so activated. Anxiety, ruminating, crawling in my skin. What is going on?
PrTMS Treatment for PTSD and Anxiety
I don't like my new therapist
What trauma does to the brain.
Have suffered for 2 years today and looking for advice
$0.22 solution
Trigger seems to be everywhere
I have felt better recently but am I really worse?
I believe my "easily angered" personality comes from my PTSD. Suggestions?
I️ fear that my history of sexual abuse and traumatic life is causing me to have sociopathic tendencies. Sry... it’s long but I️ need to get I‎t out.
Ptsd
It was a super shitty weekend (Re: the news lately).
I feel crazy/stupid
I need your opinions
Feel tired of dealing with this
Helping my boyfriend with his active startle response
How to cope with being triggered by books that contain detailed sexual assaults?
Anyone else being triggered by the news?
My rapist called
PTSD/Riding Accident
Does EMDR work? Also, it feels like I'm triggering at everything now, is this normal?
“The Happiest Place on Earth”
I don't know how...
Can I have a healthy sexual relationship with PTSD from being raped?
advice please...how to stop panic attacks and flashbacks when you your abuser is in your family
TEACHER CRUSH.
Feeling marginalized
Spazzing out
Has anyone had experience with EDMR treatment?
Too scared to sleep - share things that have helped you in the past?
Does anyone else have several types of PTSD? Do you have a minor event that you get PTSD from but the more tragic events you're not experiencing PTSD?
DAE feel extremely triggered by the news lately
I'm fucking DONE with this shit
Friends won't let me do anything for them and it makes me feel useless
How do I convince people I'm not schizophrenic?
Shame, Guilt, and Domestic Violence Awareness Month
Hypervigilance
i feel really uncomfortable around men? +more
How to cope with the stress in therapy
Understanding my memory issues
New to the group
At what point do I tell a prospective match about my "issues"?
Broken.[29/f]
The pain that never goes away
Time does heal, in a way
Just had a big scare
Can marriage cure a PTSD person who was abused by a Narc?
Operating in Fight Flight or Freeze Mode - How to break that?
Could i have PTSD for something i blocked out?
Trying to quit smoking and going on keto to lose weight
How to calm yourself down??
How I went from being a skeptic about using MDMA for PTSD to a believer...
Feeling exhausted after flashback?
PTSD and being single and advice for friends
I'm trying to rewire my brain
How do I start over with my husband?
Anniversary 9 years later/why now?
Anyone else struggling with Stranger Things Season 2?
How to help my wife with PTSD
PTSD following industrial accident
Possible Drug Based PTSD and OCD
Is this PTSD?
Have had a series of flashbacks over something that happened 4-5 years ago that never bothered me until now...
Eating Disorders as a Symptom
[deleted by user]
In what ways have you invested in your mental health?
Short term memory loss
I'm starting to become scared of my boyfriend for no good reason [potentially NSFW]
First flashback in months and I can't get out
Days when I feel ok, Days when my world is spiraling
I need help for a loved one.
I don't know how i will live when i lose my dog
Confronting abuser?
Happy to Hyperventilating in 5 words
My car went airborne and rolled. Dreams of the beach body may never be possible to achieve even though I suffered minor injuries. Anxiety and depression chewing on my self-esteem. Any car accident survivors that would like to share their story from injury to recovery?
Any major car accidents survivors here?
Advice for the reality of war
Appearance changes after trauma?
Diagnosed with PTSD November, 2006
I think I might have PTSD?
Hello, trigger, we meet again.
Nightmares
I'm having short-term memory losses and difficulty understanding instructions: is this PTSD induced brain damage?
Im having really weird and distressing dreams... How do i stop this..
Is it possible that PTSD symptoms can worsen due to dysphoria from being transgender?
Dear Mom
How are you?
Losing my cat, one of my two best and only friends
Vulnerability to PTSD might be caused by having the wrong gut bacteria
How has PTSD affected your intimate relationships?
Piping in music....what an effin nightmare. Target, specifically.
Guilt, shame and anxiety over things I have not done
Any advice on job trauma?
Nobody cares about me, so why should I? NSFW
Sexual trauma
Stranger Things Season 2 has the most accurate representation of PTSD that I have ever seen.
Too exhausted to actually go see a proffesional
Physical pain sets off emotional pain/sadness/helplessness/tears
Sex (or lack of) with my boyfriend
Is this traumatic stress (could be triggering)
Husband decided he wanted to try to go see thank you for your service
What does dissociation look like with you?
Maybe developing PTSD from an event from a week ago? I don't know if I'm just overreacting
My success with CBT and meditation
Is it possible for abuse to occur LDR?
David Lynch offers local veterans scholarships to learn stress-reducing meditation
Frustrated - taking a sick day off work because of PTSD (maybe TW)
How do I know if a recurring partial nightmare is a memory or simply a story?
Someone close to me triggered me and it caused flashbacks and panic attack. Now.. I still feel out of it and weird towards him. (Possible TW)
[TRIGGERING] Feedback for a future Sexual Assault Nurse Examiner (SANE)
Recently diagnosed
How do you know when a traumatic event was 'bad enough' to cause PTSD?
Detached Versus Disconnected?
I have red patches on my body that flare when I feel anxious/hyper vigilant or when I'm thinking of the things that have happened. Does anyone else have this?
It’s sad how issues in elementary school can affect people’s entire lives
PTSD HELP ARTICLE
I've done well untill tonight, I just need the ending
Do I have PTS/D?
Bitter and cynical -- are there any other options?
Part of Me( Unfinished)
Anyone with specific murdered parent PTSD?
How can I stop screaming in my sleep at night?
How are you taking care of yourself today, no matter how small?
Not Sure How To Deal
Dealing with people mocking you for symptoms of PTSD
Frustrated trying to find the right services
PTSD only for war and rape victim?
Sleeping tips?
I'm not sure if I have ptsd..
I have a question that may seem strange but does PTSD change your personality? I look at myself and often wonder who that person is, it’s not the person I remember myself being.
Very confusing feelings regarding my assault and wanting sex...can anyone relate?
People think I'm gay ptsd very strange
Disclosing PTSD/TBI to Family
Memory
Non related triggers
The reality of what happened
How would you define PTSD, in layman’s terms?
C/PTSD The last biggest trauma has made life unbearable
Mourning the Dream
PTSD Breakthrough Treatment - IV Ketamine
can i self diagnose myself with CPTSD or is that an injustice?
I don't know what this is.
BF of partner suffering from PTSD needs advice.
just wondering if I'm not a freak
its really difficult to deal with the persistent, constant flashbacks
PTSD & Workaholism
Getting better
Triggered badly today at work and can't sleep because my heart is pounding and I keep replaying my assault over in my head.
I have PTSD, and im very much alone
Holding on for my dear life
I can't do anything without being reminded
Diagnosed years ago, medication isn't helping at the moment. Is it time to try a new medication?
is there anyone here who had to live with a drug addicted parent?
Recent trauma. Diagnosed a week ago. Therapist abruptly quit yesterday. Exhausted. TW.
Therapy sessions over the phone?
It's happening again, everything's unreal.
Update on University
Marijuana may help some cope, but for me, it was the cause of my PTSD
Case Manager and Partial Hospitalization Program Help
To those with repressed sexual memories, did you ever find that sex smells from consensual sex would bring you back to a repressed memory?
my doctor refuses to officially diagnose me with PTSD to restrict me from obtaining a MMJ card. I feel like this is malpractice
I think I need to talk to the police.
How has your ptsd affected your relationship with those you love and care about the most?
Just told my mom I have ptsd
Memories coming back.
Anyone getting sick way too often since their trauma? (sexual assault/rape)
Curious
Trying to deal with a trigger head on
Counciling/therapy?
Feeling like the person you are/were is dead. Not liking the person you are now. NSFW sort of.
How can I get over the trauma of having major back surgery at 12 months
Free support groups or communities for people with PTSD?
Weighted duvet/cover for sleep issues
ADDad & PTSDaughter - Dad needs help and insights
People at my school are fucked (rant)
Somatic Experiencing Therapy?
[deleted by user]
Frustrating
The only one that helped me left me.
I feel selfish
PTSD because of Bullying?
Based on this description of my condition, Do u think i have ptsd?
How can I believe in the good in humans again?
Symptoms
i
Thoughts?
He Threatened to Shoot My Service Dog
Trying to get to know myself
I feel like I'm drowning
How do I (28F) help my SO(29M) understand my ptsd
Can’t sleep; anyone else awake 👋🏻
Update: Just Officially Diagnosed
Hey guys, I recently received a PTSD diagnosis and need your help.
Does it ever get easier?
I still shudder whenever I here ambulance sirens
How would you feel about a video game that depicts what it's like to have PTSD?
Had to call into work again.
Do I have ptsd?
Can PTSD cause person to go from introvert to extrovert?
Triggered
[SA tw] Heavily dissociating after a week of triggering events
Sometimes Iay on my floor or hide in my closet...
First post. PTSD...
Any advice for relating to people?
Can making a mistake be a trigger?
Does anyone else also have hypochondria?
I ruin any relationship I'm in because of my ptsd.
I legally have ptsd, but this is the first time I've looked up anything about it.
Self Care
Is this PTSD or paranoia?
[NSFW] [death trigger warning] [rape trigger warning] Being de-sensitized to other kinds of trauma
job unwilling to rehire due to ptsd
Which personality is gonna come out today?
It's constantly casting a fog over my brain
Breaking?
I'm sick and tired of not being believed because I don't fit into the common mold.
[Trigger Warning] Afraid of telling my doctor how I truly feel, and who I truly am
I really don't know how to deal with myself any more
Thinking about it a lot again.
Currently going through a bad spot... Any help at all appreciated
I'm a 31-year old veteran with PTSD, anxiety, and tremors. I've changed majors 3 times and thinking of changing again.
Medicinal Marijuana and PTSD Infomercial
Everyone please be careful on Facebook today, triggering content for SA survivors is circulating rapidly in one of those "repost to show solidarity" posts---details below if you want them
Wife is miserable
Feeling like a failure
Need advice on dealing with flashbacks + Backstory
Is PTSD from sexual trauma different from other causes of PTSD?
I don't even know what to call this
After Afghanistan, my war began
Daily activities as a trigger?
bad day today. working in extreme situations of mental health is really starting to effect my PTSD.
anyone have tips on sleeping?
Browser extensions to avoid triggers online?
Do you ever have another terrible situation thrown on top of you, and you just don't care?
Need some help
Self doubt. Yet again.
Can't stop drinking
When I'm sick I get the worst flashbacks
Reenacting trauma, risky behavior
Detoxing from marijuana and PTSD symptoms reemerging
Got fired for hiding under my desk.
Anyone? Dilated pupils, Wired, Sleep Impossible..
Just the name of a state triggers me
Need help dealing with a university professor
I have a story. Any advice on how to cope. NSFW.
Has anyone been on Prazosin and clonazepam
[deleted by user]
Smoking weed has been the single most helpful thing for me with helping to cope
Suprise SAPR training!
Through the fog. A journey through the hell of war and PTSD. [3,300 words][Trigger Warning]
Disturbing dream that felt like a clear memory of childhood SA
16yo here, can't seem to play sport that includes running or anything else + Fear of becoming insane
Need to get this off my chest.
increasing dose of meds?
TRY MARIJUANA...
How would you like the media to portray people with PTSD?
Question about EMDR
New Mental Health App
The War Within... A new Podcast for those suffering from Post Trauma
Hi, I'm 42 living with bipolar disorder and what's always been diagnosed as general anxiety disorder. But sometimes I wonder if I might have PTSD. Can one have both, and can PTSD be caused by emotionally dysfunctional parenting with a few points of severe emotional abuse?
Finally beginning to sort of understand my PTSD. Just need to talk.
Update: I don't freak out in the shower anymore. (Here's how I fixed it!)
Constant Exhaustion
recruiting participants
I get panic attacks in social situations and it's pretty awful.
My dear friend has PTSD. How can I help?
Witnessed an accident and had to call the police
Ptsd and fear
Workbook
Im so sick of being single and alone.
On the verge of a relaps
I’m losing sleep over this event and the flashbacks
Is there any research on returning to the same scene of trauma?
*just venting* super vivid nightmare, being raped by a man that wasn't my abuser
Anyone with C-PTSD?
Feel like I'm causing it to myself or somehow responsible.
PTSD with Agoraphobia
A poem I wrote about not letting go
I downloaded Snapchat
Anniversary day
Struggling
I'm having a panic attack need someone to talk to me
I really need help
How do I find the motivation for treatment..? How did you guys first tell your doctor about your issues? Without choking up
11 years later and here I am
My Partner Just Doesn't Get It. I'm Exhausted.
Is it possible to have PTSD while going through the trauma?
[NSFW] Is this a symptom of PTSD?
Do you compare yourself to others who seem to be ‘making it’ in life?
Unsure of How to Help a Friend
Have insomnia issue dr wants to put me on Prozac.
I (M40) think I know how to get out of PTSD or a least help with it
Need someone to talk to M (18)
What are the best jobs with PTSD?
Nightmares after motorcycle accident
Weather-related PTSD?
Do you ever feel like you’re faking ptsd for attention, even though you know you aren’t? + Venting
Is any one else constantly trying to distract themselves?
EMDR Question.
Nightmares so often, I can't sleep well.
Hello my friends. For 3 years I am in a lonely battle with an disorder which name i don't know and I am getting tired of this. I am not going to give up, but I am tired.
Is anyone else having triggers come up after Vegas? Because I am and it's not fun.
Is this ptsd?
Do I have ptsd? My story ..
Not so serious but kinda serious car crash i cant get over.
Questions about sertraline and PTSD?
How to talk to friend and how can I help him?
I live in a motorhome. Unable to move back home. Anyone else having difficulties doing that? Or managed to move back?
[Potentially Triggering] I'm advised that I cannot work, but I'm not eligible for disability either. Thinking not being alive anymore is the best option.
Ted talk on how art can help PTSD
Recommended books/ techniques to prevent PTSD
Innovative Therapy of Meeting 22,941 Strangers Saved My Life from Severe PTSD
I posted about my first EMDR experience fairly recently. Now, before I've even had my second treatment, my therapist told me she is leaving the office for a non profit...
Not sure what to title this
How do you relieve daily stress?
Hypervigilance / hyper arousal
I have a recurring dream where I'm sent back to my 1st deployed location. I get a massive sense of relief to be back into the routine again.
Online venting bc I'm alone. .
job interview and PTSD
Does my mother have PTSD
PTSD story inspired by past tense writing prompt
Three Early Traumas
How does everyone cope?
Attempted Murder Victim in the US Air Force
Panic, Depression, Fear...
After losing multiple friends, still trouble moving on
What to do when you want therapy but hate the side effects? 24/f with PTSD and C-PTSD, I could really use some advice.
Help for my partner.
I've been anxious after this week
Just curious how common this is, and if anyone has any suggestions.
Woke up to a new world
Is it just flashbacks or an eating disorder?
Sharing your PTSD Diagnosis with a Partner
PTSD after losing my best friend, can’t spend a night on my own
I'm finally done
Hi friends, looking for some guidance.
Can't Handle the Nightmares (Trigger Warning)
Hey guys, I've recently done a video talking about my own experiences with PTSD and would love some feedback
I'm at the point where I'm just mad/sad/upset/ashamed that my abuse even happened.
I wanna go for a drive...
Still fucked after therapy.
Withdrawing from escitalopram shenanigans
Curing PTSD, anxiety, and depression?
Great ted talk on PTSD
Advice about girlfriend
I posted here a few days ago. I'm about to get accepted into a local veterans PTSD outpatient program.
I feel so drained and so done with life. Does therapy even help?
Realizing just how fucked this is. I need some serious advice, downloaded Reddit in hopes to find someone with a similar situation that could give me some guidance: PTSD due to sexual abuse, incapable of having sex.
What are your go-to interventions for emotional flashbacks?
Determining what's real and what isn't.
Trauma Llamas; a new PTSD podcast
PTSD - calling for testimonies
PTSD diagnosed and "cursed"?
One of the biggest problems with understanding PTSD is that "researchers cannot put an experimental group of people through a traumatic experience for ethical and methodological reasons." (from wiki about repression)
Just Discovered my Landlord is Married to my Rapist (Trigger Warning)
Another Anniversary
The Best PTFE Coating and Lining services in Mumbai-Halarectfecoating
NSFW probably. "Anniversary" help
Student Seeking Advice or Support//NSFW
Nightmares
University students - did you tell your professors?
Not doing well
Do any herbal remedies help you when you're having a flashback?
Took Trazodone for a week, starting to sleep again.
Does anyone else lash out at their partner/spouse when having a flashback?
Success with EMDR?
has anybody had success with exercise curing/alleviating their PTSD?
Low Spot
Recovering memories after long-term trauma?
PTSD FOMO?
I am positive I have C-PTSD. (s. assault trigger warning)
My house was broken into last night while I was out.
Just diagnosed with PTSD. Don't know what to do from here...
[For Veterans] Combat PTSD Online Support Group
Can PTSD make you manipulative and affect your behavior/personality?
Promiscuity as a side effect of rape?
3 Year Anniversary.
Therapy is not an option right now
my visions... I've seen shit that would terrify you
My memory is getting SO much worse. Anyone else??
Send me a message and let's talk.
Is there a guide to socializing and recognizing things I need?
for the first time in years, i had a happy dream.
[Update][C-PTSD] Intimacy after sexual assault, post-coma cognition, building trust, healing emotional wounds.
Multiple traumas, trauma dreams
Is it possible to only become cognizant of trauma/abuse when seeing media representations of such?
Just want to share
i feel like there's nothing left for me to do but go on a violent rampage
I am a psychiatrist and psychotherapist. I have bipolar disorder and PTSD.
How do you combat intrusive thoughts?
Emory Healthcare has an awesome FREE program for Post-9/11 Vets battling PTSD, Sexual Trauma, and other Invisible Wounds.
(Sexual Assault) Can only imagine having sex with men I don't know well
ASR/ASD From a video
PTSD Torture - How do I combat this without a therapist. I have no money and I live in a place where getting therapy isn't possible.
A recommendation...
Is PTSD considered a disability?
Problem drinking - what have you done?
Doing better, however...
Prazosin
I feel like I'm losing control and I need serious help
[X-post r/raisedbynarcissists] Finally diagnosed at 41yo. I've had PTSD since I was ~5yo.
Long time reader/First time poster. I'v been struggling for years. I've seen this sub help. Is it ok if I post about my combat PTSD?
What should I do?/ Is this verbal abuse? / So many questions
I don't know what I need to do. Help please...
Delayed onset PTSD?
(NSFW) What happened to me?
How to avoid triggers around a PTSD victim
I started emdr. Is this normal?
I hate having everything I do second guessed
Why is there so little information about surviving attempted murder from your parents/family?
Think I might have it - How did it go for you?
Going back to uni and I'm scared
C-PTSD and trying Zoloft, would like to hear about your experience to understand side effects
C-Ptsd and depersonalisation
Does being with someone older fuck with you
I am not sure if I can ever be happy
Medication
What is the correlation between ptsd and ed
smells & ptsd
First panic attack in over a year...
I had a strange dream last night [trigger warning!]
Help to support PTSD
The Beginning... 💔
Any Dragon Age players with PTSD willing to be interviewed?
This is what worked for me, maybe this stuff can help somebody else
My biggest setback so far
Hi guys, what are you think about apps like this?
Did I got PTSD from an LSD trip?
First date. Me, my service dog and her
Any instances of people acclimating back into society and functioning like a normal person?
Need help with stability
n00b here trying to learn about PTSD
Slowly realizing I have more symptoms of PTSD and more trauma than I realized
How to know if you need meds for your trauma??
When I was diagnosed with PTSD I was skeptical, but I will say that I HATE people walking behind me. Is that a symptom?
Balancing processing and life
I can't connect with anyone else but you. (somewhat nsfw?)
PTSD and Law School... things are hard.
To what extent are employers to accommodate PTSD sufferers? My employer has threatened to fire me should I not travel out of state. I have PTSD issues related to travel. They will only somewhat accommodate, but not to the fullest that keeps me from having an episode.
I'm struggling with nightmares so bad. I can't get up from it.
What are your thoughts on caffeine?
My method to stop flashbacks
I feel like I have PTSD as a result of my relationship with my Ex
I hate being triggered
PTSD and Eating Disorders
PTSD and relationship troubles
sexual violence PTSD flashbacks and physical tension in genitals are preventing me from focusing in school
Super fast intrusive thoughts to a trauma when I was about 7?
dae feel like coughing and puking from emotion when they recall something bad
Male, extremely sensitive pelvic area. Had it my whole life and had it checked twice, nothing wrong. Is this soley a sign of sexual abuse, or could it also be a sign of physical/emotional abuse?
Best type of therapy for uncovering memories and repressed feelings due to avoidance/dissacociation?
Hi, I'm wondering if you can help me.
Survey thread - Surveys posted outside this thread will be removed
CPT or PE?
I BELIEVE I was sexually abused. Can anyone tell me what they think?
Girlfriend is suffering from ptsd and won't seek help is there anything I can do
In remembrance, a different pain for today...[trigger warning]
Is this ptsd?
Strange somatic phenomena: felt high when I was experiencing intense anxiety? Anyone else?
Seeking perspectives on what it's like to function in corporate settings with PTSD.
Have any of you had experience with EDMR treatment?
Bf's anatomy triggers me
After 18 years with PTSD and slow improvement, I dealt with a similar situation to the original cause and feel suddenly much improved for the first time? It can't be this easy can it?
Can anyone please tell me their stories of life beyond trauma and PTSD? Does it improve? It feels like mine is getting worse with everyday that passes.
A bad attack that ended with a funny twist
Anniversaries
Started Trauma work with Psychologist
Found a Trauma Therapist
Can't seem to focus or retain information I've JUST read, really struggling with college and life because of this.
Car wreck ptsd trigger stories?
Do anyone else find themselves in quite an arrogant state of mind since contracting PTSD?
Ashamed of Myself
I feel like a bomb set to explode [tw for sexual assault]
How do you cope in the middle of a flashback?
Flashback question
My boyfriend is afraid of being my only link to the outside world.
What to do about sleep problems
Masturbating to trauma
Does therapy help PTSD help or make it worse
Not sure if I have PTSD, Depression, both. I just need to say my piece and any feedback/advice would be greatly appreciated.
If all my trauma happened before I was even 2, is there even hope for me to recover?
work is difficult sometimes
Does the holiday season trigger anyone else?
Soulful Poet
Doctor won't refill my medication..
"Do you want to feel better?"- what does this even mean?
[Sexual Assault, Rape] How do I heal and return to a healthy sex life in a loving relationship?
Lost my soul?
Am I overreacting?
How long will it last?
Does anyone else get really sad seeing childhood videos of themselves?
i think i've reached the end
I did it guys! I finally spoke.
My PTSD is causing people to hate me
Ptsd is ruining my life
oh hey flashbacks, haven't seen you in a while
My Dad Is the Monster In My Nightmares
PTSD at such a young age
Ptsd never gave us a change
Nightmares and stuck in flashback
"You're not your thoughts, and especially not your intrusive ones"
So confused is it ptsd or me?
Mild Triggers Leading to Panic Attacks
first session of EMDR left me suicidal?
Nightmares
When you go numb from PTSD how long does it last?
Is there anyone willing to us improve web accessibility?
a post in a local sub looking for help. Any advice?
My PTSD is hurting my relationship
How to stop feeling like you are going to die all the time??
Worried about having a roommate now
PTSD from a childhood trauma that I can't remember?
I wrote this freestyle poem to describe a bit about my experience and what it's like to live with PTSD.
I'm giving up.
Finding dissociation almost pleasant lately
9 years this fall
I feel like a failure when I cannot help my SO with PTSD.
Advice - Partner had PTSD
Had a Traumatic accident a year ago tomorrow morning, everything's starting to feel very raw.
Can't sleep. Worse before period.
I am in love with a women who was abused by a Narcissist and now has PTSD.
Was diagnosed today for several traumas over the past decade or so... I'm really tired of getting new diagnoses...
I was just diagnosed
Opened up to my counselor about what happened
Recurring dreams about something that I don't remember?
Symptoms manifesting physically
OCD vs. PTSD Diagnosis
Distancing with someone with PTSD.
I am going to Arizona to visit a family member w/ my 9 month old daughter and I am terrified of said family member seeing me in my C-PTSD mode. Anyone have any tips?
when I poop, it reminds me of a black dick in my butt and I start crying 😣😣😣
Trump reminds me of my abuser. What the hell do I do? I know hes getting impeached...but when???
MDMA appears to be working for PTSD says FDA
Husband triggers me
Post traumatic trump disorder
Nightmares + Advice Please
Memory loss
Are these flashbacks? I'm scared
Trying to resist the urge to drink
Will I have PTSD forever?
I think im getting worse
Somatic trauma expression
Anger
PTSD and changes in behaviour
[deleted by user]
I envy you combat veterans.
Trusting my therapist
Whats your experience with Mirtazapine for moderate to severe depression/anxiety?
Relapse
Telling my parents about my PTSD
I was doing better, now suddenly nightmares are back..
Talking about Melodrama
Sensitivity to light
What can I do to help?
About the online child sexual abuse post (from the OP)
EMDR - it gets worse before it gets better?
Have any of you experienced online sexual abuse? [TW]
Trying to be Sympathetic
Feel like im losing my mind?
ptsd and hyper empathy
Work and PTSD
Does cannabis make your di/derealization worse?
(Trigger warning) I saw a wrong movie
I think I finally realized I have PTSD
Tip: If medication is making you feel worse dont take suc h a high dose. From experience a lot of docters give high doses. start and try to stay at a low dose.
Trauma and Language Learning
How to better help my friend [30M] with his nightmares.
Feeling paranoid & having auditory hallucinations on my high sertraline dose...
Wrote a piece about trauma & PTSD
Is my childhood abuse threat still real? How do I look at this situation as an adult?
Is it normal to want closure from an abuser, even though you know you'll never get it?
Help finding EMDR treatment in my area given my insurance.
Just diagnosed with PTSD
Just diagnosed with PTSD today...
Suicide.
Can drugs cause PTSD?
All alone in a big city
Invalidation of PTSD?
Empathy for PTSD and others.
Help/advice please! Emotional support animals in the UK
PTSD books & articles?
is it normal to want to kill your abuser(s)?
Tips for parent needing to help daughter
Trauma and happiness
WORK and PTSD?
PTSD creating a wedge in my current relationship
I can't go out
Hanging on by a thread
Endless realistic dreams about the dead
[deleted by user]
Triggered
Suggestions welcomed (UK)
Help please
Preparing for a meeting with my lawyer and reliving everything started a depression episode?
Residential treatment?
Does it sound like I have PTSD?
Anyone have PTSD AND OCD?
I'm having a hard time right now.
Cause of your ptsd
How do you stop being angry?
Fighting in my sleep
Break-Up PTSD
My life with PTSD. I have some points summarizing what I have learned
My story with PTSD. I have some points at the end that summarizes what I have learned so far.
I want to share my experience with PTSD, but is this the right place?
Is this normal????
Showerthought: PTSD is a social construct designed to "otherize" people reacting normally to reality
Need some feedback.
Can't connect with anyone.
Quotes about daily struggle with PTSD? My fav: calm in the storm, anxious in the quiet.
I think I need help.
What are your views on marijuana for treating PTSD?
(NSFW) I was raped/sexually assaulted and harrassed by my therapist while I was in the Army.
PTSD effects 10+ years after event?
Zyprexa Triggering Me?
8 years after the event I had a relapse
Hi folks, checking in. Dealing with PTSD (diagnosed) for about 4 Yrs... NSFW (MILD INCIDENT DETAILS)
Guilt over diagnosis
PTSD assistance dogs?
Nuclear war fear causing problems
Ketamine Therapy group
Out of the hospital. (CW Self-Harm)
Support from friends and fam?
What is happening???
I'm really struggling with my new meds. Please help!!!!
Mom of abused child needs advice
Detectives come tomorrow morning
More humiliated by ptsd than by the event itself?
How did you know?
How did therapy affect your romantic relationships?
PTSD and slamming doors.
PTSD and siblings
Start Therapy Today
When did you begin sleeping normally?
I was just diagnosed with C-PTSD.
What does normal really feel like?
Any other survivors of extended childhood trauma?
I think I might have CPTSD. I don't know. What are flashbacks like? How do I bring it up with a (new) therapist?
Mirtazapine 30mg - any one have any experience with this? I've gone from 15 to 30 today - drs orders.
I feel ashamed [tw]
I just want someone to be proud of me.
Hello.
The smell of vinegar
Feeling invalidated due to younger age
I'm breaking down
I got triggered by a message from another user
I asked my doctor to go on ADD medication, she was really worried about it considering my ptsd, but it's affected me really weird?!
Triggered while filling out paperwork for court
Suicide is not the answer.
Are there things you should not tell your therapist?
Are flashback memories usually true?
I want to request something weird from my therapist
Got held up at gunpoint with friend, am I a coward?
can you teach yourself not to dissociate?
I'm having a tough day and I just needed to talk I wasn't able to see my therapist today. I had a really big question...
How to keep on with your day after panic attack?
I suffer PTSD from a traumatic breakup
Getting a lot better but i struggle to leave the house because of anxiety now
He's back
how do you stop a somatic/sensory/body flashback in its tracks
This is the face of my fear
i just feel like an emotional burden.
Trauma anniversary, possibly nsfw for talk about suicidal ideation
How do I recover?
Scared all the time. I can't stand up to anyone, for anything, including me.
My family disowned me but I kinda want someone to know.
A particularly hard time
I (with PTSD) shut down when my partner (no PTSD) feels upset.
Just got told to "go and cure your PTSD" (VENT!)
Trauma Recovery Center (PTSD) Advice Needed
Is this a dissociative episode or is it an intrusive thought?
My whole life I just thought I was a bad person...
Poetry continues to save my life...
Can divorce cause ptsd
Marijuana changed my PTSD
Had major surgery to remove physical reminders
Emotional numbness when a co-worker was upset/dissociation
have you ever been robbed at gun point before?
Describe a general flashback to me
I always feel like I need more time...
Another night
Bad Anxiety Stops me From Eating
do you have to talk about it in order to get over it?
My situation
How do you regain trust in people?
Ketamine as a treatment.
Not sure if PTSD, but very fucked up situation desperate for help
What are your experiences with emotional support animals, psychiatric service dogs, and PTSD?
Recently found out that I have PTSD for 27 years
Could I have PTSD?
What's wrong with me?
Husband's possible PTSD Relapse?
Just starting to really accept I have PTSD. Being "stuck" in the era your trauma occurred?
Grounding exercises increases my adrenaline help?
Social disconnect
Nightmares and sleep
Cousin with possible PTSD
Interview - PTSD and Lucid Dreaming
Afraid to show ptsd around people
Can someone explain this part of PTSD to me?
ABUSE FROM ALL SIDES - Part One
Why can't they see how much I try?
So, I got fired today..
Invalidation from family
That just-diagnosed relief / grief
With little context, I ended up watching something that is being heralded as the "worst gore video of all time" by virtually everyone who is into that sort of thing, and feel as though I'm now dealing with PTSD (and I'm too afraid/embarrassed to speak to anyone about it).
As close to the wall, nightly. How does everyone get to sleep?
Feeling like there is a sign on my face that says "vulnerable"
Do any doctors in the united states actively use psychedelics in any treatment for ptsd? Please help, any advice for helping a friend save her daughters life.
Tell my family about my PTSD or no?
How to avoid flashbacks I've attached to songs?
Please tell me what you know about psychosis
Anyone else suffering from working with other traumatized people?
How do you manage having to lie to your family/friend when they don't know about your ptsd ?
Anyone have direct experience with PTSD Foundation of America/Camp Hope?
Spouse of a PTSD sufferer. Im struggling.
Prozac for Panic Attacks?
A Step in the Right Direction?
[potential trigger warning] Had a bad reaction today.
EMDR: does it make you forget?
Question about PTSD and memory loss.
I cant get sober because of PTSD childhood sexual abuse, memory is so repressed it took 28 years to see
PTSD - Motorcycle Accident in 2014
Not sure I can do this
Living with someone with PTSD
PTSD and target shooting range trigger
I'm tired of being on medication, I feel like a zombie. I go through each day telling myself I will do this or that but end up sleeping most of it away. I don't really feel much of anything.
Going on after pushing others away
Dealing with loss
my sister died and I couldn't save her
losing time
Living in fear [Trigger Warning]
Visited the location of my trauma
My 9 yr old had flashbacks for the 1st time
Men confessing things to me?
I have a few friend with this disorder, but never thought I'd get it...
Stresses
How to help coworker with PTSD?
Helping With the Nightmares
The person I live with triggered my childhood trauma yesterday and today and now I'm at a loss for what to do
Comprehensive Resource Therapy--newer therapy for PTSD (X-post cptsd)
That moment when your SO shows they understand your PTSD...
PTSD - ruined night
Friend is having a mild episode. I need some advice on what to do.
In a few days ill go into partial program a little nervous
Dunkirk question
SSRIs and trauma processing
Girlfriend with PTSD
Nightmares
Dating with PTSD?
Binge eating? Weight issues?
Thanks to a recent discovery im making things difficult between me and my now partner
My brain never stops.
Am I hallucinating????????
Echoes in my head
I keep seeing him dangling
For the first time since getting ptsd, I finally feel like I have a future!
Sleeping Med to take while Drinking?
Small victories.
which recovery treatments are the most healing... help?!
First-of-its-kind study uses machine learning algorithms to predict risk of childhood PTSD - White River Academy
Am I ok!
Cub Scout parent could have PTSD. Having trouble deciding to push the issue with Scout Master.
First post ptsd + anxiety + stress seizures
PTSD getting worse. Does it ever get better? [xposted]
Really struggling this week...
Feeling like it never happened
Sink, sank, sunk
ptsd triggered. day 16.
Physical therapy (tw)
Trauma narrative trigger
trust issues
Anyone up for chatting? Having a difficult time
I have a constant headache, is this a symptom?
Diagnosed and Need to Tell Somebody
How to deal when therapy triggers you?
PTSD Troubles
Emotional reactions later in life
How do you handle having nightmares about things that have happened in the past, and when you're awake you have new incidents' that you're trying to deal with as well as trauma baggage? In the middle of changing psychologists and I've just had enough of everything.
My husband is sitting to deal with the sexual limitations of our relationship. I have PTSD (29F) married for 3 years to (32M) with (7MTH) baby.
I'm at a lost.. i don't know how to handle my ptsd anymore.
Thoughts on CBD oil?
Homewood health center PTSD recovery program
Could this be the result of some type of PTSD? I don't know if this constitutes as traumatic enough.
Working with wolves helped one man heal his PTSD.
The unspoken realities of PTSD
How to deal with ptsd
The enemy is within me
Sister driving me to a bad place
I don't feel like my trauma is significant enough.
I don't know how to deal with this any more
Cannabis Life Radio's Live stream is here with a focus on the topic of PTSD
PTSD getting in the way of work?
Bad Childhood
How do you deal with moments* of emotional distress?
List of wants
Where to get help?
Will the memories/ Feeling ever hit me?
missing my abuser
Some people who hold themselves superior over others when it comes to their trauma?! (TW: rape, abuse
I can't fucking get it out of my head!
Help with sleep?
First time posting [Long]
I am completely mentaly exausted
Posted about month ago, a mask i made for my PTSD, here's 4 more.
Just realized I might have PTSD.
Every Time ALL the Time
Im gonna dump my gf
PTSD, managing panic.
Suffering for Selective Mutism.
I've been off for a month and am scared to go back to work.
What does the first day with ptsd feel like?
How can I help a friend who has PTSD?
Was diagnosed with PTSD recently. What are some good coping mechanisms to cope
Finding work?
Friends recent suicide, any advice for how to deal with current friends?
Do you have a song that helps you cope?
I have anxiety from a trauma I experienced and now I need help choosing an anxiety medication
I'm back
Embarrassed that I'm not normal. How do I accept others will not understand?
does ptsd impair ur cognition? "your problem solving ability and decision making"
Having a hard day, could use some support
PTSD effects, any of you these? [TW: Violence, rape, sorry if I miss any]
Does anyone else regret erratic actions from symptoms?
Triggered by a common nickname
The "anniversary" of us cutting contact, and a co-worker unintentionally triggered me.
Hyper-vigilance in public places?
Inspiration Porn & PTSD
How to get over being triggered by a common phrase?
Ever since I was diagnosed with ptsd, my anxeity keeps getting worse and worse, advice?
Tempting your triggers
Fugue - General
PTSD gets worse when I'm up and about
The sound of my voice. Open letter.
Found Out Why
How to move forward
PTSD after killing someone [serious]
PTSD from DP/DR ?
I need help and don't know where to go. Please share any helplines or ideas of who can help me, thank you
I sometimes search for triggers and don't know why?
I don't feel like anyone should have to deal with my shortcomings
Curious
I dont know if i have PTSD or not
Can someone with ptsd "postpone" a break down caused by a trigger?
Unbelievable anger at what happened
Travelling with Friends is Hard
Triggers you're embarrassed to have.
Ok I just want to know if this is a common thing or I'm just super screwed up. [nsfw/triggery probably]
I've tried everything and I'm so tired of being single. Im tired of getting advice about how to "open up" and Im tired of people trying to help me.
Urgent: I suspect I have PTSD, but I have no access to therapy, and my exaggerated startle response is making my life a disaster.
How to know if my friend has PTSD?
Need some advice, is there anything I can do about my PTSD suffering tenant from hell?
Sexual assault allegation was dropped
Bad decision or good?
Help?!
Is there a fitness tracker that would work for biofeedback/tracking panic attacks?
I'm still afraid of you
I want to stay
Does anyone have stories of overcoming ptsd?
New Here - Tips for Educating a Friend
Update on my PTSD afflicted husband
Psyching myself out only hours before my first day at a new job...
Update: I'm really uncomfortable around my boss
Why are there no resident centers in Seattle for teens...
New to "this" and feeling overwhelmed
A Open Letter to My Abusive Ex. Her Name Is The Darkness
Anti depressants and PTSD
Just cannot take it anymore.
A person from my past is coming to campus soon and I am so scared
How to stand up for yourself when your PTSD stems from doing that?
Night terrors
Feeling weird (x-post r/rapecounseling)
Feeling weird (x-post r/rapecounseling)
recently diagnosed, need to know I'm not alone
Workbook recommendations?
At the beginning of recovery, I've just been diagnosed with PTSD, and I feel alone
(NSFW/TW) Irrationally Telling Myself He Gave Me a Disease
I got a workbook
I can't leave my house.
don't even know if I'm functioning
Zero Energy
How normal people view dissociation
What if a patient is an evil person? How does a therapist build a trustworthy relationship with a patient?
My ex used my recovery against me
I can't connect with my therapists
How can your mind just forget something that happened to you but your body remembers every nanosecond...
Be nice
I don't know what I'd real
My story of abuse is too horrifying/maddening for people to handle
Human beings are complete scum. Living through tragedy taught me that
No more therapist for awhile
I'm having to form relationships now
How to Help My Best Friend
I'm stepping into Forgiving Myself
C-PTSD help
Insomnia sucks
please someone tell me it wasn't my fault
strategies -- ideas???
Explain to me like I'm 5
Customer service sends me spiraling
Severe panic pls help
Don't know how to do this anymore
Finding it hard to cope with life/diagnosis - rant
A Video Guide to Help with PTSD & Trauma
Tried to tell my best friend I have PTSD
He didn't hurt me physically, but I don't know how to heal on the inside.
My Dream (Poem)
PTSD poetic thoughts
I suffer from PTSD and I just need to talk about the past couple of days
I'm really uncomfortable around my boss
A success story that scared the shit out of me:
I never realized there were so many flavors of fear.
Will this work? Unorthodox way to help my PTSD
I am struggling with being let go because of my medication/ disability.
Is there a way to recognize the onset of panic attack.. so I have time to remove myself from others?
The difference between affection now and before
PTSD turned into Poetry
Normal thoughts, just very very loud.
I just realized one of my triggers.
[Support] any advice on living with a loved one whom has PTSD?
My story in short
I am having difficulties accepting individuals' expressed interest or care as genuine
Youtube channel: Living With PTSD
Can PTSD cause a blackout?
[NSFW]I feel completely ruined
Is it unreasonable to believe that I have PTSD from a long term, abusive relationship/aggravated stalking?
Is it possible to have PTSD and BPD at the same time?
Almost Died Wednesday Because of Drug Side Effects
PTSD Worsening Symptoms
I have PTSD
Is EMDR therapy scary?
Ptsd in media
Travelling to a new country with PTSD onboard -experiences?
Starting a new life?
Was using medical marijuana to treat my PTSD and it worked great. Now because of a legal situation I will have pretrial drug testing and if convicted of charges I will most likely get probation in which I do not think I will be able to use medical marijuana, what do I do?
32 years after the event....
[Update] War-related flashback that occurred in public. I saw a psychiatrist [x-post r/ptsdcombat]
Was anybody here extra sensitive before developing ptsd?
My fault?
Sleep terrors (night terrors)
PTSD & Dating... anyone out there have any advice? When do you tell them? Is there a right time?
PTSD Service Dog Question
Why does no one believe you?
Waking up already triggered. Help?
Extremely vivid flashback last night
Can't eat much unless I'm high. Can't afford to keep buying weed. Yay.
Tattoo therapy/coping mechanism?
PTSD - Program Update
Sexually abused as a child by relative and a few of moms friends. Beaten by mom with anything that came to hand. Didn't tell anyone of abuse as the one to tell was putting me with these people. Hubby knew most but not all. 2 weeks ago diagnosed ptsd. Hubby not interested. Says no doom and gloom help
PTSD without nightmares of actual event
Had a motorcycle accident
How does one bring PTSD up with a doctor?
I was diagnosed bipolar with PTSD
Deciding to become like your abuser
Girl with ptsd
What are the best physical exercises to throat punch anxiety?
Had a really bad drunk episode the other day
Please help. Was switched from 20mg escitalopram to 15mg mirtazapine (she said we may have to go up to 30mg eventually). Can anyone tell me the difference?
I can't remember the majority of my trauma and I don't want to. (Possible TW?)
Cleaning Anxiety
Mobile apps for PTSD? (x-posted to /r/CPTSD)
How do I get rid of fear caused by an accident and regain the confidence?
How to fall asleep??
this sub is getting to know way too much about my sex life
wanting to be abused again
Does anyone else feel like their traumatic situation or incidents aren't traumatic enough?
Is sex too much for you?
PTSD - Spouse of Sex Addict
Group therapy in Seattle?
How do I handle my girlfriend's PTSD?
Came Home crying today because I got triggered at work. I'm so tired of people telling me to "get over my past" and to"just deal with it"and move on like normal people do. I have PTSD! I'm going to therapy! What more do you people want from me?This isnt something that I can just get over! Thoughts?
Sleep Paralysis and PTSD?
How to deal with night terrors and wakening hallucinations?
My boyfriend is trying to make me quit drinking cold turkey, and he just doesn't get it.
PTSD triggers
Almost threw up in my sleep, very scary
I don't know if I should seek for help
Finding help post-military
Possible PTSD? (Not diagnosed and not military)
Almost beat my brother in an elevator
How in the world do you deal with fireworks? Five years on and I'm still a mess...
Has anyone found life-changing meds?
I wasn't brave or strong. I was terrified. I peed on myself.
Need some advise
Misaphonia and PTSD
Nightmares almost every night. Any tips on how to reduce them?
PTSD, depression and Cymbalta.
What are some of the most helpful things that loved ones can do for you?
Finally got diagnosed - advice?
This video guides users through a method which is supposed to help overcome PTSD. (Link in description) As always, if you have PTSD always consult a Licensed Medical Professional first.
Facebook Warning
How did you come about your diagnosis?
My paranoia is getting tiresome.
handling being re-traumatized
Advice on supporting someone with ptsd
Masturbation with PTSD
Hiding PTSD from my family?
Starting my trauma narrative this week!
Disabled cop with depression and PTSD ...
It's firework season and I'm scared shitless.
Help finding a job with people anxiety?
Just had a flashback
Do I switch my therapist? It's been over a year and I don't feel like I've seen any progress.
Does paintballing affect soldiers with PTSD?
Facebook Mental Health Support Group
When I'm majorly triggered I think about my suicide plan and it scares me.
Dealing with the holiday is getting more and more stressful over the years
Is my girlfriend lying about her PTSD to get away with cheating?
what i do to calm down when my PTSD goes into overdrive
I don't feel like I'm a real person sometimes
I'm not sure if I should tell my future colleague about my triggers and PTSD
I'm looking for other people who have PTSD and ADHD together
Nsfw//headfirst slide into Cooperstown on a bad bet
Nsfw//Headfirst slide into Cooperstown on a bad bet
Just looking for support 2 years later.
Today was a good day...
Recently diagnosed with PTSD and don't know how to manage it or deal with it
Don't know if it is Depression or PTSD? Help
cycles of numbness affecting relationship
I Can't Sleep
How Does PTSD Impact Your Day-to-Day Life?
Don't give up
Could this be ptsd?
I'm not alone.
Possible side effect of traumatic event?
Hypnotherapy for PTSD?
Why does violence help feel better/Rant
Early life trauma and it's treatment
PTSD and recurring nightmares reduced with Lucid Dreaming: Article
How do you guys cope when a trigger is a major part of society?
Trust issues and fear - are they symptoms of PTSD?
Blindsided by TV
What are emotional flashbacks?
had a horrible therapy experience
This is how you complete a holistic mental health risk assessment
Ptsd and breakups
How do you handle work? Feeling very much at the end of my last rope.
Is what I'm experiencing signs of PTSD
PTSD...Triggers everywhere
Imagine a Confession Bear
Sort of feeling really... weird.
How to cope with movie triggers?
Tips for explaining the symptoms to spouse?
Exaggerated startle reflex help?
My therapist has no idea what to do with me. We had "that" talk. Ready to quit therapy for good this time.
Intro post! [potentially NSFW]
Recent event has made my ptsd progressively worse and I don't know what do to
How do you guys deal with nightmares/terrors?
Ptsd/Heavy depression.
4 hours ago, daughter's fiance attempted to kill himself on his "anniversary" of a traumatic event. Need resources / suggestions
Bullying and mental health
Is there any theory about the movements of the "other planets?" (How do you call them (mars, venus etc....) ?)
Morning Flashbacks
Introduction
Best books about PTSD, specifically stemming from childhood sexual abuse?
Why do I keep obsessing over this?
gender and loss of identity
Could my new mouth guard be lessening the severity of my nightmares?
New mental health subreddit
Just came out of the worst flashback of my life.
Maybe PTSD? Therapist Not Sure
weird memories
Two Completely Different Questions
Had to leave my partner's work event because of my PTSD.
Residential and inpatient trauma
Recently diagnosed
Starting to close myself off and control contact (by reducing or eliminating)
PTSD feels like having a serpent in my brain
I was in a very dark place last night
Friend having intrusive thoughts and breakdowns, how can I help?
Question about CAF recruitment.
What do I do with this?
How does PTSD present itself in everyday life? Legitimate question.
PTSD or just a normal reaction to trauma
I've had 17 showers today. Still don't feel clean.
How do you guys explain the missing chunks of time to people?
playing a guessing game of what parts of my personality are my ptsd and which are me.
My friend was in a traumatic situation and is now acting strange. Does he have PTSD? And what should I do to help?
I need some encouragement
Post Cancer stress. I really need some advice guys. Here's my story and I hope I can find someone to relate with.
Anyone else wake up from PTSD nightmare kicking and screaming? Any advice on calming down afterwards?
Holistic anti depression, anxiety solutions
Rules for mandatory reporters
Need any advice or tips: Trying to work in a field which often triggers my PTSD, Only need to get through about a year of this.
Just need to vent here
My sister told me I could vent to her if I was ever upset. Guess that was my mistake.
How did you overcome stiffness in your body from PTSD?
Cannabis+Self-EMDR to treat PTSD
Insomnia from PTSD found something that works.
I need C-PTSD help
They are letting him go again
Has anyone done EMDR? TW
Self Harm - Trigger warning - (please take care of yourself)
My traumatic experience
Is PTSD caused by improper memory processing?
Anxiety From Sibling With Autism
The feeling of validation.
Those with severe PTSD, How do you guys go grocery shopping/run errands?
Military Leadership discouraging me from seeking help for PTSD.
Life is Strange
What I hate about triggers
Am I doomed to be a statistic?
PTSD from a psychiatric hospitalization?
PTSD and the Value of Life - A question the history of PTSD and Man's progress
My tip for sleeping with PTSD and a spouse.
Hello PTSD
My current SO drinks (not excessively). I can't stop hating alcohol and thinking poorly of people who drink it.
Partner looking for advice
What does relaxation actually feel like?
Boyfriend broke up with me
ptsd
PTSD from childhood hospitalisation
Fictional character advise, please.
Questioning validity of PTSD dx - What is going on?
Doubting validity of PTSD - what is going on?
I feel like a fraud...
Slaughterhouse ptsd
Homeless in six weeks, beyond afraid
Is severe memory loss when it comes to individual people a symptom of PTSD?
Random rant/should I be in therapy?
Extreme work anxiety and PTSD?
34, no friends due to heavy trauma due to abuse, now I'm screwed
Does this sound like PTSD to anyone?
Diagnosed and lost
I don't remember anything but Don't want to wake up!!!
Abusive step father, 10 years later & now 30 years old, recently attacked again by him
I want to hear about your personal experiences
Night sweats, waking up don't know where I am
The fear i feel in nightmares has crossed into normal dreams (x-posted in /cptsd)
Skating incident and I'm traumatized
How do you guys deal with anger and hypervigilance?
Anyone else ever have a constant head pressure? Kind of like a slight headache and feels like a rubber band around the brain?
Did anyone have ECT (Electroconvulsive Therapy)?
I can't get past this anxiety...
Dream journal?
Do you guys just feel weird all of a sudden sometimes?
Side effects of ptsd?
A Single Shot to Treat PTSD
I feel like I've gotten much worse since my diagnosis.
I believe I've developed PTSD through a long illness which included an artificial heart and an eventual heart transplant. Where do I begin looking for help?
Looking for military veteran candidates with therapy resistant PTSD to appear in a Netflix Documentary.
Does your employer know about your PTSD?
I have forgotten how it felt like to have ptsd
Saw something upsetting today
Dealing with childhood trauma as an adult
Want to try Stellate Ganglion Block
Exposure Therapy Question
I just found a cool FREE app!
Will I ever get better when my life has been a whole nightmare? I feel like a damaged/broken person that is not fit for this society.
When you get healthcare from an unlicensed practitioner, you risk exacerbating PTSD into psychosis.
Self-harm....is this it??
Canadians with manulife insurance
If it happens again, I'll be okay, right?
Advice on Loneliness
I've never been diagnosed because I always hid it.
I wondered about PTSD as it was presented to me and I always thought it was depression and lack of self confidence- domestic violence centered. Advice?
Unemployed 2 years due to PTSD, started a part time job 4 weeks ago. Not sure I can do it. Getting that feeling again..
If you are a veteran and in need of help
Stress and PTSD
Things to avoid saying during a conversation with someone with ptsd
"You must like having this. Isn't it time you got over it by now?"
looking for some help in how to best support my husband?
I keep seeing her face
New therapist
Is paranoia associated with PTSD?
New to Reddit. Seeking advice about therapy and medication.
Does anyone here have school and education related trauma?
Can anyone help me with your experiences with any or all of the things I've been diagnosed with? Due to childhood trauma and rape, I've been diagnosed with PTSD, Panic Disorder, and Major Depressive Disorder. Doing a lot of talk therapy atm. I feel like I'm never going to get better...
Agoraphobia?
Does this 'count' as trauma? (answer needed asap :/ )
Harassment
Anyone else unable to cry?
explaining PTSD fog to attorney?
How to deal with my GF when she flashes back?
I need the feelings to go away.
Too Many Traumas?
[Vent] [TW] It's my Mom's 49th birthday and my son's birthday is coming up.
Two years since relapse and still can't get out of it
First Time having a flashback (x-post from ptsdcombat)
Being Human
Dealing with Difficult Questions...
Got told by my physician that I've been diagnosed with PTSD, Is it really possible to get PTSD from a parent passing?
Hi! My first post on this sub. As a result of my PTSD, I have a really hard time interacting with people and making friends? Can anyone relate?
Had my first EMDR session today
Podcast about PTSD
I'm finally pinpointing triggers!
Ptsd in the work place?
Can we talk about PMSing and PTSD?
Just found this sub. Holy crap!
Constant Irritation and frustration?
What would help lift the burden of PTSD for you?
Finally getting help..
Tips to Avoid Dissociation?
Nightmares, any tips to make it stop?
How to talk to the doctor about medication?
As somebody without ptsd, how do I (18F) help my girlfriend(27F)?
Can PTSD black out bad things?
[NSFW] I've dropped so far.
its really hard for me to work
How can it be PTSD if I can talk about my traumas or see fictionalizations of it without much issue?
looking for friends:)
Not sure if I still want to keep my appointment to see therapist
Anyone experiencing PTSD from IUD insertion?
Is anyone else unable to sleep with noise?
Rolling Panic Attacks - I'm losing steam
How effective was treatment for you?
What Happened Today
I need help from you guys..
Husband suffering from cptsd
Wondering if this is PTSD
CO Now 25th State to Recognize PTSD as Medical Marijuana Qualifying Condition
Do you use music as a form of therapy? If so, what genres do you find that helps?
Last night [NSFW]
Sexual Abuse Taught Me What Love Is
My shitty inconvenient startle response.
What do i do now? -sexual abuse/rape triggers-
Burned at the Hairdressers
Why do I have the feeling that I'm just about to die?
Does this qualify as PTSD? (Maybe NSFW?)
I had a breakdown/breakthrough the other night.
OCD and PTSD?
DAE sleep peacefully through nightmares about your trauma? [NSFW]
Living with an abuser
If I tell anyone what happened they will have to report it. What do I do?
i am a panther in a barren cage. dignity is a joke. i am punished for biting the hands that feed me even as they taunt me. my freedom is gone. they have forgotten that i'm a wild animal. i, however, never will.
How can I properly and appropriatly write a character who suffers from PTSD?
EMDR Therapy
I almost died a couple of months ago, I keep getting nightmares.
Psychological trauma and our limited perception of the world. By Dr. Jordan Peterson
First time here but I don't know how to deal with it.
Does anyone else have trouble seeing plans for after something that's about to happen as real?
Feeling like everything is a massive catch-22
Accidentally triggered someone w/PTSD
I have a few questions. I'm starting DBT soon-ish(hopefully...) and i was thinking of getting a medical marijuana card(for CBD).
I keep trying to work in my field and a new job is causing stress and making me crazy
Can certain music trigger PTSD ?
I believe more Therapists should incorporate Moral Injury coping into their sessions
Looking for fellow PTSD-ers to connect with.
Driving
Blurb
I'm in a difficult situation with a person who triggered me. (Possible trigger warning)
Family issues
Ptsd and medical marijuana
i got diagnosed today
Has anybody had to go back to the situation that gave them CPTSD? How to make it through and stay whole?
baggy clothes
Processing and moving on.
how to stop cringing and stop my eyes creating small tears from cringing?
Is it possible to have ptsd in this case? (please help dr appointment is not soon)
i feel so sick
This Kathy Griffin photo that's splashed across the internet is really setting me off today. Started my morning off crying and am having flashbacks all day. I really wish the media wouldn't show it if it's so bad she got fired over it.
Should I quit my job?
Triggered by a tiny child
Is it possible to get over it?
Returned to old employer and now triggered all day
PTSD counseling in Los Angeles for my parents
Had a major panic attack after 11 years
Dry Throat and shiz
How should I seek out to know if I have PTSD?
MOOD TRIGGERS APP
How do you cope with anniversaries?
My ex wife, best friend, and only woman I've ever loved shot herself in the chest today. I tried to stop her but I couldn't please help. Tell me what to do now
Lost
7 years
Help? Support? Just got served divorce papers, and I'm freaking out.
Recovering memories
Does anyone feel as if the "TRIGGERED" meme invalidated actual triggers?
My foundation is looking for struggling Veterans willing to try Ayahuasca to heal mental traumas
I hate being alive
Having tremors from the core of my body and outward.
Did anyone suffer from chronic insomnia( inability to sleep 6 or more hours a night) every night for years and find a medication that has worked to keep you asleep for 6 or more hours?
What is one thing you wish others knew about your diagnosis?
Feeling really alone
Husband triggered
I finally opened up to someone, let me be myself for once - Not about everything, but I finally let myself get close to someone.
How exactly would I deal with infant trauma?
PTSD Throws Surprises Party
How do you recenter yourself when youve acted poorly due to a trigger?
Stuff happened to me and I don't know what to think
Getting a diagnosis/therapists note? Timeline?
Sleeping spaces
30 M looking to open up to female friend. Details inside.
PTSD and Music.
Couldn't sleep for 24 hours, took sleeping med, only got 2 hours sleep?
Bad Night
New to this sub and kind of at a tipping point [NSFW]
All of a sudden...Dream recall!
Both my [23m] parents have PTSD, how could this have effected me?
Weighted blankets
Am I overreacting?
Waking up to sounds that aren't real
New to the group
Scratching and PTSD
Wondering if I may have PTSD to some degree
PTSD and Me: A Life of Fear & Hope
Feeling Disoriented
Got a job, losing medicaid, therapist only takes medicaid. Can't lose job or therapist.
My old relationship made my ptsd symptoms worse. Is this permanent?
Avoiding things you did the day your trauma happened?
I'm struggling everday, I can't get this shit out of my head.
Typing this from a dream, please help me 😖
avoiding places
This life is not one I want to live anymore
Fear of intimacy tw sex mention
My story of PTSD
EMDR
PTSD, Zoloft, Depression, and Dreams
Just wanted to share....my first milestone...
My Story Of PTSD
Struggling in the UK
I want to help someone with PTSD and I don't know what to do.
Odd Issue Where Thinking Hard Triggers Dysfunction
i thought i was ready, but i'm not.
Annoyance Is a Sign of a Good Relationship
Advice on first flight...
EMDR experiences?
Crumbling under letting my guard down. I need help/advice please.
"I didn't even know what I was going through"
Whats a good way to not worry close people?
Can't make myself leave the house alone
Grandfather is very unwell due to ptsd, I need some advice
Always physically tired
Can Anything be done?
Article on being a therapist working with PTSD
DAE struggle with frequent dissociation?
Any therapist or psychologist or anyone able to give objective/comforting piece of advice, please help!
Frustrated with therapy! Judgmental about medication use
How do I start my day after waking up from a PTSD dream?
Exams at the Doctor.....
PTSD and anxiety are making me worry my boyfriend might be talking to other girls
NSFW PTSD and Relationships
No... anything... anything but that
Abusive ex able to see children unsupervised
Anyone else felt body pains during recovery?
How do I find a Dr?
Someone to talk too
It's a bad day
Can't stop ruminating over a flashback of Iraq that occurred in public (long story)
Evolving flash backs
Self destruction
Not really sure.. is it PTSD?
Does anything actually work?
just want a fucking witness
Hear me please
Adjustment disorder is often overlooked, but is equally as important as PTSD
Prazosin & libido...question
One of my worse flashbacks happened today.
Does anyone else here have bruxism?
Difference between The Body Keeps The Score books?
What are some early red flags of abusive people?
A very informative read on the diagnoses and treatment of cPTSD (DESNOS) by the legend himself, Bessel van der Kolk.
Dating with ptsd
Trigger warning: this tragic story of a heavily traumatised/mentaly ill vietnam-war US military veteran and a duty officer/deputy.. who both probably acknowledged themselves..
Misdiagnosis?
Trigger warning: this tragic story of a severely traumatised/mentaly ill vietnam-war US military veteran and a duty officer.. who both probably acknowledged themselves..
I feel like this song perfectly captures fighting off self destructive behaviors after flashbacks
Things I'm curious about regarding night sweat itself
(Update) my father has ptsd and just got in a fight with me
cycle of avoidance - self destruct - numbness
Hello! My girlfriend of several months has recently told me that she has PTSD, how should I approach discussing it with her?
My Father, who has PTSD, just had a panic attack and got into a fight with me, any advice?
I realized I don't think I can do monogamous relationships at this point in my life.
Exposure Therapy
Personal Advice (not medical)
First EMDR session after the prep sessions was today.
Does it get better, though....?
Tools for flashbacks
Job and panic attack
My partner has PTSD, and when her life falls apart it makes me want to leave..
Dissociation self care. Looking for feedback
I've had a rough life and my family doesn't know
US Army Infantryman with PTSD
What do you do when you're stuck in flashbacks?
Damaged Goods
PTSD makes me feel like I’m with my abusive ex again, hindering my real current relationship.
Resuming therapy tomorrow & kind of freaking out/overwhelmed
Is this behavior normal?
Will I ever be able to live a normal life?
How to respond to a friend that went through trauma?
My ex is self-destructive
Researchers are working towards legalizing MDMA-assisted psychotherapy as a treatment for PTSD.
New "emotion/feeling"
Any reliable Website for trigger warnings?
Knowing I have an alarm set is triggering...
Doubting your diagnoses?
Feeling lost. Don't know what to do.
reasons why it makes suicide seem like a good idea today. x-post w r/rapecounseling
PTSD and/or Adjustment D/o
How to recondition my brain out of fear reaction?
Does anyone else have Psychogenic nonepileptic seizures due to their PTSD? What helps you cope?
Transitioning from weekly therapy to monthly
Mourning the person I was before PTSD
PTSD survice dogs.
I can't process my feelings of something I'm not certain happened
Mild PTSD...
Should I move on ?
Anyone else with Death related ptsd
Feeling so ashamed and weak
I just want someone in my life to get it? How do people get that? (nsfw/triggering?)
TW: Help with coping
I don't eat. I think I know some reasons why.
Discord Server
Request for documentaries about PTSD, if possible specifically caused by sexual abuse?
Powerful passage from PTSD book
I'm afraid that my CPTSD has caused me to fail in interactions with the prosecutor. It's left me humiliated and confused. I would appreciate feedback from an outside perspective. Thank you.
Trapped
How to stop being so jumpy?
Can't believe this caused my ptsd or that it's rape but it did and it is.
Journaling?
Does anyone else struggle to describe events?
Helping the helpers – Presumption of Illness for First Responders in British Columbia .
[discussion] PTSD & Alcohol
Advice please.
Article: A Shot against Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder
Feeling like I want to run away when arguing
Flashbacks totally confuse me
Help and advice for surviving a gyno appointment as a childhood rape victim? I'm so, so terrified.
[Sexual abuse] i feel like i dont own my body
Discord Group/ Chat :)
I need some advice
MMD (Major Depressive Disorder) linked with PTSD might be Bipolar. A story of being (probably) misdiagnosed and how it might have happened to you
What now?
Advice for talking about a shitty childhood with parents?
I'm a volunteer getting the word out on behalf of the non-profit MAPS Canada. We're doing a crowdfund for helping legalize MDMA-assisted psychotherapy for treating PTSD.
Triggering myself
Sustained dissociation
I need someone to tell me things are going to be OK
Is this normal
Coming to terms with my denial
I hope my traffickers are dropping the soap and rotting in prison for what they did to me.
Cognitive Therapy sucks
Fiancé is being a dick *trigger warning*
To the asshole on my way to work...
Im 20 years old and I have PTSD and Aspergers. My emotional flashbacks have been getting worse and ruining my relationship. What can I do?
It feels like all the pain I've ever felt
Book Recommendations?
Anyone who has done EMDR, did you feel a lot of anxiety and panic during the week beforehand?
Moving on.
I don't like what happens
How to get properly diagnosed and treated?
Back to work? But not sure how it's going to happen...
I feel guilty for having PTSD
Irritable Hearts by Mac MacClelland
A similar situation
Has any of your parents (or any close family members) ever been assaulted right in front of you?
Panic attack
Today is the third Anniversary of mu fiance's suicide
So now, even my own genes are against me.
Just when things are going well, they go straight to hell. Anybody else experience this?
Flashbacks
Achievement Friday
When people have more compassion and empathy for fictional characters than real people?
I am currently between therapists, so I'm going to put this here to vent, hopefully it will help.
Doing the right thing.
This is a post regarding the Daddyofive case. I wanted to know if there's any way I can help get the remaining children out of their home.
having nothing but flashbacks of abuse am i finally breaking ?
Should I get therapy?
Did anyone else block or isolate memories to a point where you didn't realize how bad they were until you mentioned them in therapy?
Starting to self harm again
Flashbacks over and over
First Prolonged Exposure Treatment
Has anyone here confronted their abuser(s)? If so can you tell me what it was like and if it helped you in the long run or possibly made things worse? (X-post from /r/cptsd)
NSFW, Trigger Warning, I just wanted to get this off of my chest..
The only place I feel ok is inside my personal prison. [Rant]
Flooding
Did anyone see the BBC documentary that explored the connection between emotional trauma and schizophrenia?
Bad therapy appt. Is this even worth it? Zoloft?
Oh bureaucracy
I hate this [rant]
Retraumatized in therapy, don't know what to do
How Domestic Violence Kept Me From Coming Out
Nightmares and losing sleep
Flashback : Forced interaction with emotionally abusive mother and sexually inappropriate brother.
PTSD is the Most Important Disease to Treat with Medical Marijuana
Ambivalent
[deleted by user]
Something from the past came back to mind and now I question if I have the right to heal
What makes you feel safe? Do you know your positive triggers?
Anyone here managed to give up an addiction?
[NSFW] Why do I self-harm with triggers? assault TW
PTSD has ruined my life.
Has anyone felt somewhat "cured" by removing triggers from their lives?
hospital - had to get patted down
13 reasons why ads
I've a few questions to people who know things about ptsd veterans. Can or could you go to meet some friends without panic? Or going to hairdressers or what else?
Newly diagnosed and trying to understand nostalgia and crying outbursts.
I'm new to this whole thing guys, so please bare with me. I'm a Veteran Firefighter, and apparently a salty one. I need some advice on how to talk to people when they ask me the hard questions (what's wrong? What's the worst you've seen?) It's hard for us ol' dogs to talk as is.
dissociation is getting unbearable.
Got badly triggered for the first time in months...
Seeking advice on a new problem for me: self harm
New to this sub...
I watched someone die yesterday
Is it wrong to bring up a siblings traumatic event to your therapist
I don't think I can be helped anymore
Got spooked by an inanimate object in front of family, was it a trigger?
Has anybody developed bad habits?
Do I have PTSD? (Serious question, any help much appreciated)
Do your coworkers/people think you are crazy because of ptsd?
An abusive ex (who is part of the reason I have PTSD) messaged me randomly.
I have so much PTSD.. It's so bad.
Another fight
My father is going into critical condition and I had to say the most difficult thing in my life, to respect his wishes and not do CPR. He's in bad shape and it would only likely give him a few more hours. My anxiety is killing me right now making it hard to travel.
How to forgive my parents?
Conversion Disorder - info for PTSD sufferers
Can ptsd be the underlying cause of insomnia?
PTSD related to consistent betrayals over the last decade by friends and partners, usually in conjunction.
Want to sleep but can't. Flashbacks are driving me insane.
What does it mean to be myself again?.. spilling out a lot.
Childhood Abuse, PTSD as an Adult - Troubled past, what are the red flags, advice for who to go to for aid, possible diagnosis, etc? (As in counselors, which medical professionals, any resources available to help a troubled individual, etc - **MUST ABSOLUTELY STATE I AM NOT SUICIDAL**
Newly diagnosed, seeking advice
PLEASE FUND THIS!!!!
Dissociation, I fucking hate you!
Looking for advice. Are my symptoms part of PTSD, or just my previous anxiety disorder having a serious flare up?
Autonomous sensory meridian response (ASMR) Videos for help sleeping and relaxing
Does it ever get easier?
scares me when people make physical contact with me
Achievement Friday
PTSD and Temporary Paralysis
Does anyone have medical ID jewelry?
Endurance tips?
I get to watch myself almost die every single day!
Difficulty dealing with my s/o
Do you mean what you say/do during PTSD episode?
Really angry.
Could I have PTSD from being shot at?
[NSFW/Trigger] Stuck Partner- What do I do?
I don't have much hope, but...
Happened in 2014...still to this day I can't function properly
Has anybody experienced these (very odd) symptoms of PTSD?
Flashbacks during sex
The nightmares
I'm so fucking tired of hearing...
I'm tired of reaching out
Easily stressed
How can are you able to work with PTSD?
So... PTSD gone, no clear memories.
Feeling a little anxious about getting a service dog.. How has it helped you?
Can you have OCD and PTSD?
I'm trapped in a corner...
NSFW Will any of this ever stop???
Kik support group
Some of my symptoms have vanished but I do not know why?
Cheating Boyfriend Destroyed Years of Battles, in One Day
Do we have a Discord server?
I'm tired.
Am I being to "dramatic"?*Triggering*
PTSD and depression
For those who have recovered somewhat from PTSD, what's your single best piece of advice?
I have complex ptsd. Lots to unpack.
How do you deal with people in your personal space in crowded publix places?
Getting through the thoughts without panicking
EMDR treatment efficacy - time?
Found a great tool for preventing triggers while browsing the web
It's like it's happening right now, chest so tight I'm sure I can't breathe
Advise needed: My wife might be suffering from Shame based PTSD? She had a diagnosis of Anxiety based PTSD which doesn't fit 100%
You're not alone and there is hope brothers and sisters. Came across this book called 'The body keeps the score' and the method inside it (limbic system method) has made me realise it's the most effective cure for PTSD along with counselling and / or medication if need be.
Online job applications and the disability disclosure...
Pls help. I can't stop these flashbacks and I can't take it anymore.
I just want to thank you all
After ~1/2 a year of normalcy, I just had a breakdown in a middle of a courtroom [TW]
I did it
Dealing with insensitive comments from those around you
Irrational panic is getting out of control. How do i cope before it gets out of hand?
Topical Magnesium
Inadequacy Issues: Help?
Looking for a specific kind of online or IRL support group
Making Mountains out of Molehills in my Relationship
Have any of you gotten too attached to the first person who treated you well after your diagnosis?
PTSD....Finding some relief...Loneliness, distrust is the worst...Affective mood disorder?
How am I supposed to move on with my life?
Prazosin and how its giving me back my life
[NSFW] I "regress" in age (mentally) to cope and I'm afraid to turn 18
Girlfriend was raped years ago, need some advice for now.
Good psychiatrists do exist!!
89% Reduction of post-traumatic stress symptoms in new study
Freak.
Do the nightmares ever go away?
Sweating in public?
So Tired of Other People Expecting Me to Act "Normal"
Terrified to sleep. I can't deal with the nightmares anymore.
I am so confused...
You may remember I posted here before
How do you deal with and come to terms with the permanent alterations to your personality, psyche and brain chemistry?
I had a bad day
What do you do when you feel like snapping? It's like a build up and a need to "lose control" of your emotions and then someone triggers you and the floodgates open. But after that, you feel "normal" again.
Feeling bitter and sad.
Psychotic break following trauma
Anyone else relate + How to handle it?
What does everyone think of Mark Twain's Huck Finn?
Is there a correlation for individuals, obviously not all, getting tattoos who have experienced sexual abuse as a way to cope with perceived shame or an escape from the trauma?
When you're panicking remembering sexual assault and walk into the other room to ask your SO for support...
How to feel safe with un/common triggers?
Help with poor memory recall (in general, not a specific memory)
INTERVIEW REQUEST: Looking to write a feature story about someone's experiences with PTSD
Self diagnosis. Help?
Existentialism?
Constant panic mode
Pregnant and suddenly just falling apart. Psych ward time?
NFSW A friend claims she has PTSD from an event she wasn't present for. Others are treating her poorly because of it.
A piece of artwork I found on reddit that i feel represents triggers, reaction and how small i feel when trying to fight it off. Source in comments.
Does anyone get triggered by people being disrespectful to them?
PTSD and ranting with strangers
Self loathing?
PTSD and the passage of time
Stranger crosses boundary
Give me some hope, so I know it's worth the struggle.
Maybe this will help
Has anyone lost friends due to trauma?
can't function any more
Dream Content & PTSD
Gave up on therapy.
Hey guys can you take my survey for my research study on existentialism intelligence and trauma? 2 minutes! I'm from the cptsd thread.
My SO is getting counseling for newly unearthed PTSD, but doesn't feel like she is getting much out of it.
Is it safe/legal [US] to drive while dissociated?
[NSFW] Cumulative PTSD is getting worse and more sinister. Possible trigger within
13 reasons why...
Achievement Unlocked Fridays 04.14.17
DAE get minor hallucinations? I see things like out of the corner of my eye, like a would be bug or mouse or shadow. Does this happen to anyone else?
Recently diagnosed, just found this sub...
Whenever I feel unwanted/rejected, I feel like I go into a completely different world. Does this happen to you?
Making/getting food with chronic low/no energy from PTSD
How to not spiral when triggered?
Has anyone actually "overcame" complex PTSD? I'm in desperate need of some type of success story here, about CPTSD specifically.
Advice re: my new relationship and ptsd from past rape
Being a good neighbor to someone with PTSD
Crisis vs Peace
Meditation finally accepted by the VA as supplemental to behavioral and cognitive change therapies for treating PTSD. [PDF]
Hello. New here. How do i let to of the past if i keep having nightmares about it?
[deleted by user]
Hang in there! It gets better!
I can't do relationships. Long rambling and probably makes no sense
PTSD after car accident
Maybe this is it.
I give up.
Do you feel guilt?
Completed CPT. And feeling...
Hey there! New person here and I have a question. If some great person could answer I'd be grateful :)
Having my first flare up for the first time in a long time. Don't know how to handle it..please help me out.
F*ck people that say they'll be there till the end and f*ck off when it gets hard [rant]
How to overcome self-isolation?
Man.... I'm suffering
Please just stop...
Ptsd and sleep
Did I do the right thing?
Advice for my first appt with a psychiatrist?
Diagnosis Procedure (NHS)
Give Me Hope... please
Diagnosis?
Coping with a trigger/working through a trigger.
Think I have ptsd
my girlfriend has ptsd and breaks up everytime emotionally out of nothing. What can i do for her?
Remembering things that happen, but i'm not there.
Absolutely Awful Week
NSFW- Is the way I played with my barbies as a girl a sign that I may have been molested or sexually abused? Are other memories real? [possible trigger]
Tapering off Prazosin?
DAE have unexplained-ish stomach/intestinal problems too?
Problems with zoning out, forgetting my needs and letting others cross my boundaries
PTSD - we need your help!
Thought I had PTSD for years, finally diagnosed with it. Its weird.
Can't have sex because sex 'proves' I was wrong, even though I 'know' that not to be the case.
DAE struggle with current events?
Speaking candidly about war
PTSD for attention?
Questioning validity of diagnosis.
Smells and attacks
What do you say to people that tell you to get over it?
Achievement Unlocked 04.07.17
Service dog for PTSD? (Non-veteran)
Some days my brain just does me in.
How do I make the nightmares stop?
Work Sux
Turns out it's still not my fault
We got a diagnosis
Job options for a PTSD sufferer...
Help a victim of Racism (currently suffering from PTSD) to "Make American Universities Great Again"
Books about people's experiences with PTSD?
Stuck
Stress exposure when not working
How to be functional when you just can't?
Suggestions for school accommodations?
How can I explain to my husband about triggers?
Not sure if this is a PTSD issue...
Loud sound in apt below me, freaking out :(
How the fuck
Be careful with the show 13 Reasons Why
Call for submissions
Just diagnosed and utterly lost...
There Is Hope: HealingVoices (2017) A social action documentary that is changing the conversation about mental health.
Help? Idk
Triggered by past non-traumatic events?
Struggling After Therapy Cancelled Last Week
Coming out of disassociation after a lifetime of that being your normal mode of being?
Useful apps?
It just hit me how much it has affected my life
Severe dissociation and inability to function?
Trigger: self-Blame, rape. Dreams
Does anyone have hallucinations? Seeing people that cause you abuse ?
I just seen a medicine that prevents ptsd by not letting you remember it. . Assuming it was possible to erase old memories, would you "delete" what gave you ptsd? Or if you had the option at the scene would you take meds that blocked memories?
Question about cause(s) of PTSD
Super anxious with violent undertones
How you can help MDMA become a PTSD medicine
Blizzard thinks PTSD is funny?
Recommendation on PTSD friendly ish jobs?
I spend almost my entire day trying to "recover" memories from *that* period of my life in order to understand it
Content warning
Another victory
How do you deal with your abuser knowing where you live?
I had a panic attack last night, and I'm still having a hard time shaking it off.
i feel like im lying
I'm having a hard time tonight. Anyone here?
PTSD victories to share
I think I'm the only one he's abused
I hate being broken.
Newly diagnosed and wondering if anyone else has experienced this??
Overly sensitive to rejection, crappy sleep, paranoia.
Prazosin and exercise
Health Care Professionals
Achievement Unlocked
Facebook group for PTSD Support
Book recommendation
Guilt, blame, letting go
PTSD affects all aspects of my life, but I can't handle therapy... how do I live?
Any tips for getting over distrust of therapists?
Dealing with nightmares
Psychiatrist talking about hospitalization, but I can't leave my dog...
Does anyone else experience emotional numbness?
One step forward, two steps back
Scared to get rid of triggers?
How do you guys deal with hypervigilance?
Retroactive anxiety?
dealing with ptsd while on waitlist for therapy
Can anyone who has recovered from PTSD please tell me how you personally recovered?
How To Handle
Contribute your personal stories on journey of mental health via this new initiative!
Advice for en ex-paratrooper please.
Odd question for other sufferers with PTSD
I feel really stupid about my triggers
I have PTSD
Past couple of months have sucked hard.
Not sure what to do
How do you calm your body down physically?
More than just another bad day...
First flashback after increase dose of Abilify
Is it normal to miss him?
Unsure
Any advice for being in a relationship with PTSD?
Is this an anxiety attack?
Youtuber / Mental Health
I saw these on the PostSecret Facebook page and it made me smile that someone cares enough to help others try to show support
New documentary in production searching for quality treatment options in the US. Crowdfunding started today.
Want to share new PTSD diagnos and history
I can't sleep after remembering something new.
Anyone here have PTSD from parental abuse? (Tw; abuse, rape)
Had to serve my abuser's mother at work today.
Scared of someone in my English class, advice needed
Hopelessness?
VA, DOD study a major breakthrough for understanding PTSD
Explaining Flashbacks
Marijuana and PTSD
I wish it never happened.
Real Talk
Want to kill myself because I'm just sick of being alive, and there aren't many good reasons to keep on living
Can't Convince Myself to go to Therapy
Anybody on here parenting with PTSD?
Does it bother you that the use of "triggers" from attention seekers makes people who actually suffer from PTSD seem weak?
Is it possible to get Disability benefits for PTSD?
Officially diagnosed today. Not sure how to feel about it.
A quick question.
I love this forum and I'm linking it on my blog resource page
Overly sensitive and moody, how to get unstuck?
Boyfriend just accidentally triggered my rape PTSD (x/post in r/offmychest)
Depression & dissociation due to PTSD - Any one else have trouble having emotions?
Achievement Unlocked (or whatever ya'll wanna call it) Friday
NSFW Please explain what my therapist meant...
Started EMDR, not feeling so hot
Will my life ever be mine?
Smell triggers? CW sexual assault
Struggling with explaining PTSD
Nightmares and flashbacks getting worse. CW. sexual assault
Prazosin poop-out
Flashbacks
Sudden Emotional Crash
Do You Disclose?
Do you ever wonder if it really matters to do anything about it?
Getting Over Flashbacks?
[Update] I was Worried about twilight anesthesia, But everything went very well for the first time using it.
Where do you guys work?
On Guilt (long)
This is for life, isn't it.
Writing helps... here's a piece I wrote on PTSD
Interesting 10min video about "the lynchpin" of PTSD
My girlfriend has PTSD, what should I do when she has an episode of panic to help her? NSFW
Trigger/flashback? Not sure what to call it.
Question about abusive family members and my digital portfolio for graduating college
I think my friends new boyfriend is a trigger
"Get over it." "Keep moving forward." May be triggering.
Hey all and every. Need a little kickback here.
Self Harm
I think I just saw somebody die
PTSD and sex
(x-post r/dpdr) PTSD+benzos = severe dpdr and I'm a mess.
people don't seem to get it.
Rumination, anxiety, and ptsd
Severe issues with appetite?
I'm so tired (x post from r/anxiety)(long)(triggering A F)
Tourettes-like tics ??
I just want to sleep like a normal person!
EMDR therapy question.
Being alone is a trigger
Let it be!
I'm here because of another post I made in which someone said it sounded like I had PTSD.
OCD and PTSD
I think I have PTSD
Does anyone else experience this?
Losing my house
Need some feedback/advice/support
I just can't...
Waking up in a dead sprint
have a procedure on Wednesday. have flash backs and become violent every time (venting)
Obsessing over incidents similar to mine
Veteran spouse support squad?
Is there anyone around to chat tonight?
How do you handle your anger/hyperarousal?
Triggered at work today
Is quitting meds a good idea at all?
Why am I still getting flashbacks?
Told I have PTSD-like symptoms a year ago...and now they have come back :/
My marriage has ended... thanks PTSD. NSFW
Extremely detailed nightmares, body pain, and anxiety
Starting to accept(ish) I have PTSD.
People downvote my trauma lol
DAE struggle with transitions? What helps keep you grounded?
I need help with my mother
Going into scared child-like state
Does anyone have memory problems?
What should I expect with therapy?
my fiance finally believes me about the nightmares
Can't eat...
Another resource for rape survivors
I fainted at work today...
Disassociation is getting really bad
Mental Health Discord
I've been having nightmares and panic attacks again. My job is aggravating my ptsd.
[NSFW] Six Years Later (long)
Six Years Later
Looking to talk to someone who also struggles with guilt/shame
Coming up on the 4 year anni of my "last straw" event.
Help with phrases I could say if I accidentally saw my attacker in a public place, such as a park or shopping centre.
PTSD Recovery
I Don't Know What I'm Capable Of, and That Terrifies Me [long]
Issues with mental over exertion?
First time visiting this sub and the first time telling my story. (long)
Rage outbursts ...flashbacks towards family?
I had a marijuana induced episode yesterday, and went into full blown psychosis... a little graphic.
Introduction, because I'm new here
Looking for a PTSD buddy to chat with in private. Motivate and help each other heal. 30 m here. Inbox me.
I'm so scared right now...
Can anyone help me find some case studies on the effect that cannabis can have on PTSD please?
Looking for war Vets who have played Spec Ops: The Line for a piece on gaming and mental illness.
Do VA Hospitals have this? Specifically Loma Linda?
I'm so tired, and I can't get anyone to call me back. NSFW.
Survived a major car accident and can't stop thinking about the incident
Saw someone get hurt and can't move past
Under the Influence - Reclaiming my Childhood (autobiography of a broken childhood - drugs, neglect, abuse)
Any reason not to commit suicide at this point? [Trigger warning]
Does this sound like ptsd?
Help overcoming intense depersonalization episodes?
People who live through the worst crimes, and need help the most, actually get the least amount of help
Sleep and dream help
I interviewed a PTSD psychiatrist who works in the cancer field as well
Going crazy
I was just bullied by a Psychiatrist. Anyone else?
Triggered today...
Helping too much?
I am curious about myself and wanted thoughts
Question Regarding Blocked-Out Trauma Memories
How do I support my girlfriend better?
Update: I always liked to stay busy, but now I always need to be doing something,
Is PTSD Really how the movies make it out to be? (Potentially Triggering)
Bad day rant
Just diagnosed, hey there.
A researching student
Upcoming court trial for sexual assault.
I was Diagnosed with PTSD but...
Is it possible to have PTSD over something you just read about?
PTSD from SERE training?
PTSD, or 'Nothing to Worry About'?
Looking to speak with someone recovering from cult trauma or anyone who can relate
Dealing with triggers while travelling
I was just diagnosed with PTSD (simple) yesterday.
[deleted by user]
What is the normal course of severity of symptoms for PTSD?
Clinical trial using marijuana to treat PTSD in veterans is underway
Tinnitus
Has anyone else found themselves to be eating way more since contracting PTSD?
"Forgive, forget and move on..."
I am afraid my phone has been key logged?
FUCK. Was a bit dissociated in lesson yesterday. Came to the end of the lesson, and ended up shouting at the teacher. AGH it's bad at the moment
How do you get through talking about trauma with a therapist?
i am the daughter of an army veteran with ptsd, and i also suffer from ptsd
Problems with Sexual Arousal?
Well that sucks.
This is pretty embarrassing, but does anyone else pee themselves when they have really vivid dreams of their traumatic event?
A discord group for therapy/hangouts
Symptoms Sparked by Stalker
My therapist lied to me and used me
Survey thread - Surveys posted outside this thread will be removed
Can't Handle Her
I am conducting research on dissociation (sometimes a symptom of PTSD) please participate in my questionnaire?
How do you guys calm down after a panic attack
PTSD Treatment
[NSFW, TW] I hate feeling like I'm being touched...
Literally everything is a trigger, I have no idea how to handle this
Can anyone relate
Trying to get along with society amid some of these issues is like trying to play along with an orchestra using an instrument that's slightly warped out of tune.
Is this bad enough to develop PTSD?
Question about the movie "Get Out"
An unconventional idea to help with specific trigger - yay or nay? (Probably nay.)
The Death of My Self (my journey)
Aged 38, forever alone, just diagnosed with PTSD. Need to stop re-traumatising myself but scared of future without trauma.
How do you trust yourself again?
Finally some hope for my PTSD treatment.
Some positivity before the weekend: What have been some of your PTSD achievements recently?
[deleted by user]
Does anyone else ever question the reality of their traumatic event?
I am afraid to sleep tonight. Sleep paralysis? Something crazy.
14 yr veteran need help i think
Major trigger tonight. And I really thought I'd made progress.
My therapist has cancer
DAE experience increased startled response AFTER starting therapy/meds?
Any ACOAs out there feel shame after drinking or getting a buzz?
ESA?
How does alcohol affect your PTSD?
How can I [F/28] explain to my best friend [F/27] that who I am now is who I am?
I always liked to stay busy, but now I always need to be doing something, and it's endangering my job.
Today I forgot to feed my dog.
First pelvic exam (rape survivor)
Advice?
I can't sleep anymore
It just doesn't seem like enough, and so I don't feel like I can tell anyone.
Dealing with PTSD in a Traumatic World
PTSD could be a lame excuse
Fuck
Can you get PTSD from police?
Friend has PTSD from school and is trying to be a teacher
PTSD and Martial Arts
Subjecting Self to Triggers - Thoughts?
I can't sleep
Has anyone been initially diagnosed with Bipolar 2?
Does anyone have different reactions to the same memory(s)?
Bad day today. (Possible triggers)
First EMDR tomorrow, spouse unable to be supportive
hypnosis??? I tried... I think it can help
Pushing Through New Job After Work-Related Trauma
How to stop getting distracted during sex tw rape
Looking for PTSD buddy. I've been having a lot of triggers lately and could use the reassurance of a stranger. Pm me if you can help.
Article saying memories could be deleted. Ethical questions: Would you? *potential trigger warning*
I can't even go inside my apartment when no ones there
nightmares
What being "numb" feels like to me.
Does anyone know the process to get an emotial support pet? Please help me
Sleeping Medication Advice (Freshman College Student with PTSD)
I'm a college student diagnosed with PTSD and my medication helps my symptoms but also kill me academically
[deleted by user]
Does anyone else cause they own freak out
Bouts of rage
VA C&P Exam for PTSD
how to desensitize yourself from triggers after cognitive therapy
Therapy for depression and trauma-focused CBT - how to prioritise/work around conflicting needs and conditions?
There was a fire in my neighborhood last june and I just cant get over it
Marijuana to help with depression, anxiety and PTSD
How does group CPT compare to individual CPT?
Does anyone else struggle with sunday afternoons?
I tried to kill myself two weeks ago...
Recently diagnosed
Flashbacks?
Nitrous Oxide (N2O)
PTSD-like symptoms related to my suicide attempt
Sleeping problems
Girlfriend checked herself in to inpatient psychiatric care. Now she's angry, and wants out.
Advice needed:)
Which stress hormone is it?
Triggering events leaving me scattered
Dealing with a very triggered state/dissociation. Can someone please talk to me?
Childhood Trauma You Can't remember as an Adult
Does anyone else feel like their traumatic event wasn't as "bad" as other people and feel guilty for having PTSD? (Trigger warning)
DAE have really bad disassociation after panic attacks.
Ever since you've been gone
Starting to get diagnosed with PTSD but I don't know if I want to go through with psychotherapy. What is others opinions who faced this question?
Anybody else have PTSD from MST?
How do you draw the line between ptsd and Generalized anxiety disorder? (I know ptsd is considered an anxiety disorder).
PTSD affecting my relationship
Olympic 2010' First responder raise PTSD Awareness flipping tire in Whistler Canada
[NSFW] I'm broke, almost jobless, and depressed. Thanks PTSD!
I want help so bad.. But nothing is working :(
Another EMDR video
Advice for difficulty at work stemming from PTSD symptoms?
A victory!
Posted in RBN, was sent here
First couples counselling session, and I am more hurt/stunned than expected. DAE?
Sex With My Husband
Any experiences of ptsd after domestic abuse/late miscarriage?
And damm it I'm special and no one sees that. Not even me.
I think I'm being rail roaded into a PTSD diagnosis. Should I just allow it to reap the benefits of therapy?
Emotional freefall. Facing a bad night.
Are dogs a good option to reduce symptoms? Service, therapy, or otherwise?
Has anybody found dogs to really help them? Service, therapy, or otherwise?
Have any of you had success with MDMA/Psychedelic/Ketamine treatment?
Sometimes I feel totally fine. For long periods of time. Denial or maybe I don't have it?
MDMA-Assisted Psychotherapy
Why are people who have PTSD from combat given any sympathy?
I just need to vent
I keep getting triggered but I don't know why?
An Idea For Healing PTSD
Betrayed
I've lost 10% of my life to PTSD. How can I begin to cope with that thought?
Had in incident today, possibly triggering for DV.
It's difficult for me to go outside at night
Non-combat PTSD (sort of a rant I suppose)
It's been almost 5 years and I still have relationship struggles
[deleted by user]
A little piece I wrote
Carrying a gun makes me feel better. How do I make my wife understand?
Have been going through the worst few weeks in a long time, so I decided to start writing. I wrote a poem
Horrible anxiety
Non-combat PTSD (possible trigger warning)
Live alone, fainted in my bathroom, third degree burn to my hand and now I might have PTSD
Restlessness and anxiety while also feeling exhausted? How do I stop it? Tips?
My Story. Rebellion Phase? Possibly. (Potential TW) (x-post /r/afterthesilence)
Writing a book on PTSD and seeking out participants to interview.
Who else went a long time without therapy? How did it help you when you finally tried it?
Can I tell you about some groundbreaking research for PTSD?
Help?
Have any of you developed a personality disorder after your traumatic experience?
NSFW Pain venting
Have you taken pregabalin (Lyrica)?
I messed up
I need help
Telling my own story... in a nutshell. (graphic)
This is a long one...
Do relationships ever get easier? Does anyone have this experience?
Anxiety over affecting loved ones
How in the actual hell am I supposed to work when people trigger me on purpose without being aware of my ptsd?
Any one else have Third person dreams?
Obsessively worrying about loved ones NSFW
I made a comic about PTSD/MST
Trauma therapy and anxiety
Was told I have the signs and symptoms by my doc, then she said "It gets harder before it gets better"
This probably sounds silly, but I bought a really beautiful night light and I've found it to be incredibly comforting. (Pics inside).
PTSD and sense of foreshortened future? PTSD help.
Uncomfortable about something that happened with my boyfriend.
PTSD from watching my boyfriend overdose 9 months ago
Dealing With Anger After Flashbacks + How To Cope and Open Up?
please help me
My girlfriend thinks I might have PTSD
PTSD Disclosure Family Overreaction
[Trigger Warning] I'm having a really difficult time just now
Having a really hard month, suicidal again
How do I help the body soreness and muscle weakness I experience after a flashback?
How to stop the body aches and muscle weakness from after a flashback?
Grief
need some advice
I'm never going to get better... things keep getting worse, and people more cruel... the memories won't fade, it's been 30 years and they're still as fresh as yesterday
A 'snowball' effect?
Seeking Advice
Having trouble keeping focused.
Terrified. Need to talk to people who understand.
Firefighter/Paramedic here think i got some kind of ptsd
I have to leave my job.
dealing with rage / sensory overload
Question about ptsd &a horror movies.
PTSD without fear for life?
Reoccurring Nightmares
EMDR and quitting pot
Advice for dealing with very embarrassing triggers?
Can someone who has psychosis explain PTSD psychosis to me, please?
A very dear friend of mine was featured in a video about his car, and how he copes with PTSD
PTSD feelings are infectious
Armed response and brutal honesty about PTSD
exercise to conquer PTSD
Have I been misdiagnosed? No flashbacks, no nightmares.
Paranoia is out of control. What do I do?
So what next? *possible trigger warning*
Can we start a sub for people with legitimate (medically diagnosed PTSD)
Not sure how to narrow down therapist
Former first responder
How do you re-learn how to live and feel safe?
Abusive Situation, Help?
Serious Trouble
Skype therapist - where do I find one?
Advice on seeking help (1st post here, some background)
Can your parents' divorce cause a child to have PTSD?
seeing a new therapist.. advice??
The nightmares
I don't think I have PTSD, but...
What ways can I better help my boyfriend who suffers from ptsd?
I am proud of myself. Today I finally told a counselor about my traumatic experience.
Setting up a WW office on post
Just needing to vent
Has anyone experienced this symptom?
PTSD occuring years after abuse? *trigger warning*
Déjà vu that doesn't come to pass?
Dealing with unavoidable triggers
Agggggggggggggggggggggggggggh! I want to fucking scream fuck fuck fuck fucck fuck fuck why did I think it was okay to share wtf afuchlkfjdas fuck fuck fuck god damnit it was stupid fucking fuck mcy ghodasmn shit fam fuckkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk
Extreme anxiety whenever I am in another room separate from my boyfriend. How do I cope?
Could I be suffering from PTSD? Some advice please.
Life before PTSD?
Fear/anxiety before therapist's appointments?
Anyone else sick of empty sympathy?
How do I stop hating myself?
[deleted by user]
Does ptsd come and go?
Advice??
God dammit, Downtown Abbey
Nerve damage post burn?
Alcohol abuse, anyone else feel more "in tuned" to their feelings when drinking?
Podcast with Dr. Cole Marta from maps.org on MDMA assisted psychotherapy showing huge results for PTSD, Depression, and Anxiety.
friend says he was diagnosed with PTSD as a result of being in the room with his mother as she took her final breath. how can i support him best?
Having a hard time coping. (Trigger Warning/NSFW)
How to stop trying to make sense of the trauma?
"walking on eggshells"
Nightmares
Ptsd and valium withdrawal combo. Hurtin really bad. Anyone got some love for me?
[x-post from r/relationships] My father just told me that he doesn't believe in my PTSD diagnosis and thinks it's "liberal bullshit". Any idea what to do?
Relationships and How I Feel These Days
My therapist is sending me to a psychiatrist for evaluation. What can I expect?
My mum's boyfriend is suffering; really want to help
Trauma Release Exercise (TRE) tutorial videos.
I was diagnosed and finally cried in front of someone
How do I reduce dreams?
Do I have PTSD?
Desperately seeking help and guidance regarding combat PTSD, Depression & Relationships
Advice on anxiety related to work
Today I read an amazing post, sharing an insightful look in the world of PTSD
Reoccurring nightmares
Smelly Vision
Dealing with ever increasing PTSD & guilt that I can't help more abused animals.
Don't know how to deal
[repost] Need help dealing with what i did.
It's affecting our marriage.
my mom was a drug addict
I don't know what's happening to me.
HELP need advice please
I think i'm dissociating
Walking off a job
Odd moment
How do you handle loved ones inadvertantly invalidating and/or triggering you?
Depersonalization and derealization
Broken: An open letter to my son, the universe, and God(?)
Diagnostic Process
EMDR Treatment
My story: is it ever possible to get over PTSD and have life again?
Just triggered myself in the lamest, stupidest way possible and can't help but laugh
My Story (TRIGGER WARNING)
One of my abusers went me a friend request
"Things Come In Threes"
Is it too late to get help?
Anyone else trigger themselves?
Celexa?
The morning after a flashback I collapsed onto the floor and couldn't pick myself back up. Does anybody know what's causing this?
Exhausted
False flashbacks? Or just hallucinations?
Night terrors
need support click here <3
I need help. This is me asking for help.
Am I Overreacting?
help with over coming trauma and getting over the past?
Any war veterans interested in answering some questions for a school project?
I Want to get my story out there
I'm starting to work through my trauma, and it's a bitch
19 and diagnosed with PTSD
Ptsd/anxiety/depression - nights are often the hardest.
LEO Wife- husband thinks he has PTSD
Should I have my POS father buried properly?
Hostile Intruder Training Required at Work
Triggered by young children
I tried to end it.
Boyfriend becoming an element in trauma. Don't know what to think about it?
About to lose my job due to anger issues: one year anniversary of my father's death in two weeks. The center isn't holding. I'm 90% sure I'm heading for a nervous breakdown.
Not sure if it is actually PTSD, but I am having trouble
What I've learned that WORKS! My 10 year guide to recovery. Developmental trauma and PTSD tips for recovery.
Biggest trigger is my girlfriend.
PTSD ended my relationship with my significant other
For Canadians: I work for a non-profit that helps bring together service dogs for new veterans/first responders with PTSD
Thoughts on exposure versus avoidance?
Issues with empathy?
Trauma from witnessing siblings death
What do you think about medical alerts?
How do you tell someone close
Pounding noises from new neighbors are sending me over the edge. (possible trigger)
Fiance keeps forgetting...
A really good insight into addiction
flashbacks | panic attacks.
[deleted by user]
I desperately need help
So Frustrated With Medication
Really need help right now, no access to medicine/therapy.. dont know what to do.
Medical anxiety
TIL there has been huge success in treating PTSD with MDMA
Does anyone know if there are any organizations/grants that will help pay for PTSD training of a service dog?
Diagnosed with PTSD and forced to relive and live in fear of my life.
Do I have PTSD?
My son was hospitalized last night
Cancelling a date because of PTSD
Checking for monsters.
I'm not consumed by this anymore and it feels surprisingly satisfying.
Really triggered right now, don't want to self harm.
Made strides in recovery only to experience another traumatic event, advice on dealing with two traumatic incidents?
Can being forced into Isolation for 3 years cause PTSD?
My struggle with PTSD
Progressive counting for trauma?
Newly diagnosed and I need help with nightmares.
I have no support.
When you're experiencing anger, is it more defensive or destructive?
Longest I've had a job since getting out of the military
Medication question
How Do I Respond When my SO is Angry?
My Dad's Response to My PTSD Diagnosis
I have 6 days to make it without any food until my first disability check comes. My eyes are already blurring and I feel tingly all over.
Need help. Do i have a ptsd?
Today is a bad day. Holy triggers.
I'm pretty proud of myself
A very symbolic set-back in my recovery.
How to deal with lost time?
Trigger Warning: Lecture at school
Emotional flashbacks and triggers or 'normal' reaction?
Can I please take opinions on whether I was abused or not because I don't trust myself enough.
DAE feel overwhelmingly devastated/abandoned after each psych appointment?
What to do when nobody understands you have PTSD
No outward symptoms
Do all the "triggered" jokes bother anyone else?
PTSD and Customer Service advice
Ptsd from relationship
Does anyone else here suffer from PTSD resulting from rape and how do you deal?
"Escaping" from Nightmares
Anti depressants
Old PTSD/new reason?
Almost feels like a relapse????
DAE experience this particular kind of agony about sleep?
Can you guys advise me discreetly please?
PTSD and bedwetting?
PTSD is like Benjamin Button
Manifestations of childhood trauma
What should I be asking of my therapist?
How do I talk to my doctor about some sort of sedative or calming medication?
Support Group Chat
I find this song reflects the kind of tunnel-vision thinking and relentlessness of ptsd
Anyone successfully moved back? [NSFW]
Is there such thing as pre-traumatic stress?
I wanted to post this because I wanted to come here to say sorry
I wanted to come here to say how sorry I am
How the heck do you people handle others wanting hugs?
How to be happy instead of numb and scared all the time?
How to get through PTSD triggers and miscarriage
Past combines with present. The present doesn't seem like much of a present.
Treating PTSD in new ways
Am I the only one who feels like they fake PTSD?
Alpha blockers
EMDR therapy video on youtube
[deleted by user]
What are some small grounding items or techniques you use at work/school when you get triggered?
A beautiful piece of music that you might just lift you up
PTSD from my mother's death
Unable to speak of it. Literally.
I feel weak.
For those that are having a difficult time today..
A reminder about diagnosing
Diagnosed Ilness on reddit before... but help please?
This technique has helped long time war veterans with PTSD.
I am trying to understand, while being completely unable to understand.
Any changes in driving and driving habits?
PTSD and verbal tics?
How do you know when you're ready to go back to work?
I'm tired of people using PTSD & triggers as a political insult in this stupid political atmosphere, both SJWs & antifeminists(RANT)
I just had to get this out.
I'm the type of person who always pushes further to be in touch other people and myself. I watched my friends die and I stopped being like that so I could concentrate on getting back to daily routine. Now I feel ready to get back to my old self.
Im not sure what to do here...
I started seeing a therapist and I've never felt worse
Twitching/dizzy spells?
I need some advice/general empathy here (long)
Anyone else found drawing on a piece of paper help?
Is anyone else annoyed. frustrated and/or bothered that most shows have shag scenes and that people are obsessed with shagging?
DAE feel "safer" sleeping in the day time?
Panic attacks
I had to talk about my rape in therapy.
New Roommate
PTSD and Fitness
Screaming in my sleep. My nightmares have escalated. I don't know what to do
Coming down from SSRI's - any suggestions?
has anti-anxiety medication worked for you, if so, what kind
PTSD workbook available for free from Althea Press
Sudden Tender Headedness
Is it possible that I forgot I was raped?
PTSD
Psychotic
Drunk or dissociation?
Indirectly Gaslighting (possibly NSFW)
Did my mother sexually abuse me? *Trigger warning*
Need help snapping out of a spiral.
Ptsd? Don't know but you might have helpful advice.
How does PTSD affect your everyday life
My Conversion Disorder with abnormal movement is from having PTSD for almost my whole life
Nightsweats being subconscious nightmares?
Cut out a toxic person in my life who kept triggering me intentionally and "accidentally" or "jokingly'
Coming to terms with my diagnosis after many years.
My PTSD makes me feel like I don't have control in certain areas. Has anyone found beneficial ways to help this?
Depersonalization experiences?
My whole problem
Struggling with not being with my SO
Wеll trusted Internet sеx dаting with mаnу diffеrent girls
Do I have PTSD/Cptsd?
This has been the worst time I have had in 14 months. I am fed up. This has been going on for two and a half months.
I FINALLY found a natural supplement to relieve my PTSD related anxiety and depression after years, and over 30 psych meds.
Balancing recovery and impossible in-laws
Traumatic event earlier today.
Do you ever wish you could erase certain memories?
Vent about situation that just happened.
Living with PTSD?
Anyone take prozac for night terrors?
Sheppard pratt trauma inpatient questions
Soldiers were asked to make masks representing their PTSD and Traumatic Brain Injuries
Disclosure to a new partner
Getting a service animal?
got sent home from mental health clinical
Does anyone else feel excruciatingly lonely with PTSD?
I think I've had untreated PTSD. Help?
unusual and out of the blue triggers
Tried different strains of marijuana to alleviate PTSD symptoms. Did not go well.
Is it PTSD?
Ptsd "brain fog"
got officially diagnosed with ptsd today
Driving-related PTSD? Just getting this off my chest
Does anyone else have intense/overpowering emotions? What do you attribute them to?
PTSD is so isolating
Spiralling.
New issues popping up. Meds are not effective and not sure where to go from here.
What is the criteria for a 'flashback'?
Looking for non-triggering TV shows
I woke up having a flashback. [NSFW]
Has anyone had to cut ties with someone very involved in their life because of their PTSD? I had to end a toxic relationship with my sister in-law due to a triggering experience.
Paralyzed in midst of applying for college disability consideration. Help/rant...?
I'm sorry everyone but I am going to rant here because I cannot keep holding it in. It is killing me and I have to let it out [Just a reminder: If you are a sensitive person, then I do not recommend reading this. You have been warned]
Geological-Tech's Guide to PTSD Survival
Has/does anyone here ever self medicated with heroin or anything else?
Make MDMA-Assisted Psychotherapy an FDA-Approved Prescription Treatment
I think I might have ptsd?
This video has been the most essential part of my recovery. Really recommend a watch :)
Feeling like about to lose control?
Child abuse sets you up on a fate worse than death [rant]
Song about PTSD
Agoraphobia, traumatic events and noise
Highly confused, seeking advice.
After weekends like this it's hard to tell myself to go to work Monday morning.. (maybe nsfw?)
Trauma from being cheated on?
The effects of mdma on PTSD.
How to help someone with PTSD?
PTSD and neurofeedback therapy
Would you class this as PTSD ?
Propranolol for anxiety?
Please help. I was told 22 vets commit suicide every day, I do not want to be counted among the 22.
New Subreddit: PTSDParents
I think being trapped in captivity has fucked me up more than I think...
This song helped me
Starting to panic. I'm getting more and more quiet, people stop caring about me and I feel like a prisoner of my own head. I think there's only one thing left to do, but I wish I hadn't to...
S.o
Vietnam/Korean and other unsungs, how's your life in 2017?
How long has it been since you've dated now?
Experiences with myPTSD forum and OutOfTheFOG forum?
2017 marks my twentieth year as a sexual assault survivor.
Very long venting post ahead. New medications, flashback flare ups, just want support.
Going back to work after time off because of PTSD
Brace yourselves r/PTSD the latest USA shooter probably had PTSD
Doing my frsr SE session next week. Any words on what to expect?
Sleep Disturbances/teeth grinding
Is healing possible? I thought I was fine, but after today I'm not so sure.
How to help my girlfriend?
Can you Feel Your Emotions after a Trauma by Yourself?
Ruminating, Paranoia, and Work
Just had a flashback and an anxiety attack.
Delayed on-set?
PTSD and silent treatment
Combat PTSD
Is there ANY WAY to get past this barrier and to give my boyfreind oral? He understands I can't but I want to do this so he can have at least one. (TW:Sexual Abuse)
memories of mom
Combat PTSD vets, young and old; how's your love life years later?
ECT... Thoughts/ any experiences with the process? Positives vs negatives ..?
First timer making sure I'm in the right place [long]
Starting lexapro
Taking a break from people
Does anyone else get extra emotional around holidays and birthdays because of their ptsd?
I am normally a very healthy person. I take a lot of pride in my diet and exercising, trying to live a better life. However once I went back to college, I started beating the shit out of my legs, arms, and eventually head while begging for death. Did college give me PTSD?
Living in Fear and Anxiety
Hate and anger are my best friends
Is it possible to gain PTSD from recurring nightmares?
Do you think people could understand ptsd without having it? How would you try to explain it to someone.
For those who have definitely experienced tonic immobility, can you tell me exactly what it felt like?
Lost another job thanks to PTSD brain.
just venting. my pharmacist has started treating me like a drug addict when I go in to collect my psychiatrist prescribed medications and it's making me feel like shit.
Feelings of worthlessness? [NSFW]
Can't get over this burglary
I have PTSD and BPD (borderline).
Nightmare help needed
Is this what PTSD feels like? I just got it and looking for people experienced with to so I can share.
Can I get over 18 years of sexual abuse?
This video is what my PTSD feels like
Im having trouble falling a sleep with a girl im seeing
Constant nightmares and sleep paralysis? I feel crazy, anyone else deal with this?
Unable to heal myself
Thinking ptsd is a bigger issue in my life than I realized
Blocking It Out and Panic Attacks
Rape flashbacks during climax? (nsfw)
No offense to veterans, but let's have a subreddit just for those who developed PTSD following something happening in another setting.
Is this normal? (May be triggering) (Nsfw, probably)
Anyone in here from Kelowna BC? I think it'd be sweet to have some friends who can relate
Are these flashbacks?
Struggling with minor infractions on personal space - trying to understand why?
Does this get better?
PTSD SURVEY TO UNDERSTAND RESAERCH
I got beat up 5 years ago, it was humiliating, especially cause it dispelled my mistique
Is my mental disorder making me too sensitive? Am I becoming one of those SJW people??
Boyfriend came on VERY strong at the start of the relationship, but has now become less affectionate [30F, 48M]
I'm losing my mind. Was I gaslighting/gaslit???
Me [31/F]. I am the other woman. [33/M]
To use Tinder or not to use Tinder?
I [16M] broke up with my GF [17F] of 2 years because she tried to shoplift and she's threatening and doing self harm.
My gf is sleeping with other men. Plural. I'm an egotistical asshole (according to her) and yet I don't have to strength to let her go. I can't believe I let myself be lied to long enough to start having feelings. And now that I know the truth, I care too much to walk away. Clinging on to nothing. T
Just starting dating. Anxiety.
I [F24] think I’m about to start dating my best friend’s [F25] brother maybe [M23] and I feel very weird about it.
I am a trainer [M24] of a female sports team and I like one of my athletes [F21]
Fiancé wants Open Relationship
I still like my ex, what should I do?
I [22m] got my girlfriend [22f] pregnant. Past issues with my side of the family is making me very worried.
5 years/ high school sweetheart
Fiancé wants Open Relationship
Coworker [30M] in a serious relationship seems to treat me [30F] differently
TL;DR at the end! I [23,F] am a extrovert and my boyfriend [26,M] is an introvert. I feel like I may not be understanding his needs but also that he isn’t trying to understand mine. Am I being selfish?
I still like my ex, what should I do?
Bought an extremely out of budget gift for bf [M 28] in secret at a convention for christmas. He decided to inform me that he saw the generic box that it was kept in behind the booth and knew what it was. Is it fair that I hoped he could had acted like he didn't?
Got friendzoned with a meme
Destination Weddings
Hard to find romantic partners (f) while in open relationship. Similar experiences or insight?
Coworker [30M] treats me differently but he has a partner
My [22/F] boyfriend [27/M] has a drinking problem and I'm not sure what to do
What does it mean when a guy says “I love you as a good friend” and later also says “sorry that was a bad joke”?
My [22/F] boyfriend [27/M] has a drinking problem and I'm not sure what to do
My boyfriend's (20m) sister (??f) thinks I'm (20m) cheating and using him.
My [27M] girlfriend [23F] of two years has trouble expressing affection in public since someone once called the police on us
Ladies who have been cheated on,
I [19F] had a date with [22M] and I can‘t stop thinking about his height
Coworker [30M] treats me [30F] differently but he has a partner already
My [25M] boyfriend wants to move across the world whether I [23F] come or not.
16 year old dating a 14 year old
I'm [38f] am dating a much older guy [59m]. What are people saying/thinking when they stare at us or point us out to their friends?
Is my [19F] best friend [19F] toxic?
I'm happier now than I ever thought I could be
My [19F] boyfriend [18M] wants a break because he is stressed and wants to fix himself
Should I (21M) seek out a relationship? I'm conflicted
My friend (24M) of 8 years girlfriend (24F) wants to be close friends with me(24F), but she does not treat me well. I have given her chances for the past 2-3 months, but I don't want to be spending time with her anymore. She still messaged me daily/every other day and wants to hang out. Advice?
Hookup asked me about a relationship, unsure what to do?
(36m) interested in (f38) who has been a friend for five years. Too late?
I like of one of my athletes
Am I just being crazy?
My [21M] girlfriend [22F] want to explore each other at her house, but I'm scared of her parents coming home early
Long time friend's (24M) GF (24F) acts like she wants to be super close friends with me (24F), but I have given her many chances over the past few months and she is continually rude to me. She still wants to hang out/messages me often, advice on how to distance myself without causing drama?
Hookup asked me about a relationship, unsure what to do?
I [21F] struggle in all my relationships and don’t know what to do
[18f] i’m getting attached to my first boyfriend(?)[22m] and i don’t know how i feel about it
How do I support a gamer who lost big time?
I (27m) having a hard time getting over a break up with (26f). Need advice!
Is this a healthy or unhealthy relationship... ADVICE
My [25f] bf [28m] never disagrees with me
I'm (26M) infatuated with a friend (23F) and I feel stupid
My [27F] partner of 6 years [30M] left me in January and I'm still not coping with it.
M27 F26 I need some advice
I (27m) having a hard time getting over ex (26f). She feels like the one that got away
How do I (23M) politely tell my BIL (30M) not to talk about his job so much
How do I [m20] explain to my bf [m20] that he can be cold and it makes me insecure without making him stressed
[25F] majorly stressed about [30M] job prospects & future of relationship
My mom [40f] cousin[35f] is asking for money after running away to mexico because of jail time
My wife is concerned about what she brings to the table
Fell for someone who isn't over their ex
He (late 30s) just won’t leave me (26,f) alone.
My [25M] boyfriend wants to move across the world whether I [23F] choose to come or not.
Friend (M18) thinks I (M17) am too stupid to understand the basics of human communication
Having a hard time getting over an ex. Did I mess up?
My [29f] husband [29m] of only a few months doesn't seem to want to spend time with me anymore
I (30sF) just got broken up with by my now ex-? (28M) - need help coping. Losing my faith in love and life.
Is Friend-Zoning Good or Bad?
[25F] majorly stressed about [30M] job prospects & future of relationship
Answer to what we bring to the table
A secret relationship
Ex said I "Was too intense" and it makes me paranoid, what does it mean
I'm (26M) infatuated with a friend (23F) and I feel stupid.
My [18M] sister [22F] invaded my privacy and found out I was hooking up with one of my mother’s friends and I feel like it’s unfair
[Update] Met my boyfriends racist parents
My (22F) boyfriend (24M) wanted to take a break, and now wants to get back together. Need advice.
I don't know what to do, but I miss her
Why is my [M22] ex [F19] texting me more and replying faster than when we were together?
I [20M] am not sexually attracted to my girlfriend [20F] of 5 years anymore
[Update] Met my boyfriends racist parents
My bf (19) is "transitioning" and I don't know if I (22f) can come to terms.
I [22F] am having terrible dreams (and waking anxieties) that my boyfriend [25] is physically and emotionally abusing me. How can I make this stop?
My [18f] boyfriend [18] claims he cannot control his strength. Is he abusive?
Dumped suddenly due to depression?
My [20m] girlfriend [21f] hit me. Is this always an unforgivable occurrence?
I [24F] have been seeing my boss/company owner[39M] and feel torn.
My [18f] boyfriend [18] loses control of his strength when he gets mad. Is he being abusive?
Boyfriend dumps coldly before moving in?
I [24F] have been seeing my boss/owner of company[39M] and feel stuck.
Me (29M) difficulty with a senior colleague at work (38M)
I'm [18M] and tired of being alone
How do you deal with girlfriends past?
Me (29M) difficulty with senior colleague at work (38M)
How often do you get/give head? [34/M] with a [31/F]?
Is he not interested or just bad at texting?
How could couple deal with disagreement on football teams
What’s going on in his head?
Me (23M) and girlfirend (23M) have been growing distant. Planning for the holidays has only been making it worse.
My fiancé (M28) doesn't do anything and makes me (F29) feel guilty about any arguments!
I [25M] found my dad [49M] after 20 years of not knowing who he was and need some help figuring out some things with the new found family
Weird situation with my (28f) boyfriend's (28m) acquaintance from college.
A guy I’m dating stopped my midway while giving him a blowjob in the backseat of his car. He smiled and zipped his pants and said “that’s enough” and proceeds to kiss me. I asked him why he didn’t want to finish and he said “don’t worry.”
I(30M) want to travel around the world. My wife (30f) does not.
I [23 M] graduated College this last summer. Never been in a relationship. Would like advice on how to meet people as a new-adult
Boyfriend Hiding Inappropriate Content on His Computer
[M29]y girlfriend[28] broke up with me and I'm concerned on entering creepy behavior.
Me [25 M] with my Fiancee [24 F] of 4 years and she wants to explore her sexuality, but did it without talking about it first.
My [26F] boyfriend [25M] of nearly 2 years pecks his sisters on the lips (but not his mom). I find it odd and don't like it. Am I being judgmental?
My (21F) coworker (33M) is wanting to get to know me outside of work and tbh I’m creeped out
Is it immature?
(UPDATE): Friend group insists on inviting person (26f) who has bullied us all to our vacation next year. I don't want her to join us and would prefer she's permanently excluded from our group.
I found my dad after 20 years of not knowing who he was and need some help figuring out some things with the new found family
My girlfriend [F21] likes another guy, but tells me she loves me [M20].
(25M) Are my looks that ugly where I can't attract any good looking women(20sF) ?
Help me.
What does my friend [20F] want from me [20M] ? I fear hurting her feelings.
My [24F] boyfriend [25M] in touch with his ex, she pushes him to meet and „do things”, what to do?
Me [22M] and my ex girlfriend [F19] broke up with me but she's texting me even more and faster than when we were together.
How My ex wife unraveled our friends group, brainwashed some people and cheated on me for over four years without a single person suspected a thing.
I don’t understand his behaviour..?
What does my friend [20F] want from me [20M] ? I fear hurting her feelings.
My [30M] wife [31F] has fun, interactive and giddy conversations with everyone but me.
Did I [20m] go to far in telling my girlfriends [21F] parents about her suicidal tendencies?
Somebody give me a reality check please!
My problem
I [25F] need to end things with my FWB [25M], but is it selfish to do it right before the holidays?
My [21 M] girlfriend [20 F] wants to start smoking weed and I'm uncomfortable
I'm [21M] scared of going to my girlfriend's [23F] when she is home alone?
How to break it to my violin teacher [28F] who's got a crush on me [33M] (and I on her) that I'm married and we can't do this?
If my [33F] husband [39M] moves away for 18 months, will it destroy our relationship?
I [23] looked through my girlfriends phone and I can't stop thinking about what I found.
[deleted by user]
I (18F) betrayed my bf's (21M) trust and I want to make things right.
Are my boyfriend’s thoughts justified?
Would it alright if I invited my Bf's family to thanksgiving dinner?
My mom [50sF] just found out my dad [50sF] is cheating on her and wants to get a divorce. Shes devastated and doesn't want to tell anyone.
I (16M) am in love with a girl (16F) I met 2 months ago. She is very busy and rarely gets to even see her family. I don’t know if i should continue to pursue her or not.
Wife [30f] accusing me [33m] of getting physical
I [25F] need to end things with my FWB [25M], but is it cruel to do it right before the holidays?
Red Flags? Me M/29, girlfriend F/25 [Advice]
How to break it to my violin teacher [27F] who's got a crush on me [32M] (and I on her) that I'm married and we can't do this?
My [21 M] girlfriend [20 F] has decided to start smoking weed
My [23M] partner [21M] wants to sleep with other, older men
My (25M) friends (22-25 f/m) were mean to my boyfriend (27m) cause they think he is ugly, how to resolve this fall out?
My boyfriend doesn’t like my family
Appropriate to Invite Boyfriend's Family to Thanksgiving
My [23M] partner [21M] wants to sleep with other, older men
How do I (30f) explain to my partner (30m) that I do not want to spend holidays with his family without hurting his or their feelings?
I'm[22F] afraid my husband [22M] is cheating on me. I just found someone else's clothes in my laundry.
I [33M] am wondering what level of communication is objectively normal and respectful from my [25F] gf?
Should I stay on the promise of change?
I [25M] want to go home for Thanksgiving but my girlfriend [24F] says if I do, we're over.
Am I (26f) jealous of my boyfriend's brothers girlfriend (23f)?
I (16M) am in love with a girl (16F) I met 2 months ago. She is very busy and rarely gets to even see her family. I don’t know if i should continue to pursue her or not.
Am I (26f) jealous of my boyfriend's brothers girlfriend (23f)?
I (M17) am tired of getting shipped off to my Uncle Terry's (M57) place every weekend
What level of communication is objectively normal and respectful in a long-term relationship?Relationships
Recently out of a relationship, do I start dating/sex right away?
Brother (m/18) made out with my friend (f/16)
My (M25) ex (F25) is really starting to creep me out.
Me [19 F] with my ex boyfriend [17 M] Has a complicated realtionship and don't know how to sort it out.
Indtruding best friend in relationship
This girl[21] has been my[22] bestfriend since 3 years , im afraid our friendship is falling apart.
I (15M) think i’m in love with someone (16F) i met 2 months ago
I (F/28) firmly believe my boyfriend (m/26) hates me
What level of communication is objectively normal and respectful in a long-term relationship?
Long term marriage issue
Should I stay on the promise of change?
best thing I[23F] can do when my bf[28M] pulls away ?
New beginnings
My (31f) bf (32m) got a job and went on antidepressants after years of unemployment. How do I heal from caretaker burnout and bitterness?
She [20f] suddenly stopped talking to me [20m] but I like her a lot.
i met this girl 2 months ago
My boyfriends family member is ruining everything.
I (25M) am in a ldr with my gf (23F) for half a year now but she isn't my ideal type. Doesn't help that I met à new girl (25F) that checks all my boxes.
My (22F) boyfriend's (21M) best friend (22M) is a total jerk and my boyfriend doesn't care. Is this a dealbreaker?
My [26/M] BF [24/M] went through an anxiety period and shifted our relationship dynamic
My (20) girlfriend’s (19) little brother (10) is being bullied at school. His father is an asshole about it, and his mom just screams at the dad about it. How can I help?
Women: How do you feel about your boyfriend/fiance/husband having an attractive woman as his BFF?
Me (m27) am about to date with a cutie (f23), but I have a history of being overly excited
My boyfriend hates me
My girlfriend [21F] keeps getting rides from a male coworker. Should I be concerned?
What to expect? I got invited to a friend of mines house for thanksgiving. His whole family is Mexican, I have never been invited to a Mexican style Thanksgiving, but I’m very excited and a bit nervous.
[25M] I'm weird as fuck - How do I not scare women away?
How much work and chores do you think a relationship should really take? (m/22)(f/22)
Boyfriend (59 m) won’t take me (30 f) as a date to social functions. We have been seeing each other 6 months. Should I be concerned?
Relationship on rocky ledge, how can i save it?
Moving in with my girlfriend’s family?
My boyfriend (M 22) told me something about his family and I don't know if I should believe him.
(M33) disregards my (F32) overt boundaries
When a relationship (M/22) (F/22) feels like a chore and work
I (21f) lent my brother (25m) almost all my money from my account (~9k), leaving about 200$for myself, to help him become financially stable, and we verbally agreed on monthly payments back. Now he quit his job and is going on a trip soon and doesn't seem to care about paying me back
Relationship is on a rocky edge, how can I save it?
Family won't acknowledge relationship
My heart finds a [23yr) woman named Annabelle. Im [25yr] i really do like her.
Utterly ridiculous situation with my(36F) husband (37M), need perspective
8 Years In, Very Little Romance and No Ring. Is he just not into me?
Lost
Me (21 M) and my girlfriend (20 F) Have been together 3 years. Last night, we were talking about what made each other special, but I had a harder time answering because we met under different circumstances...
My (25M) landlord/roommate/friend (25M) is blocking porn sites on the network.
My (30f) boyfriend (50m) lied to me and his step kids about us.
Me (M16) asked out girl (F16) and she said yes... but then...
My [M26] girlfriend’s best friend [F27] got naked in front of me last night.
She is not replying because of small mistake
My heart likes a [23] year old woman. I need advice im [25] years old l.
[18M] Bad break up from GF [18F] after almost 2 years because of the future
What else can I (M30) do to bridge the gap sexually between my GF (29) F and I?
My girlfriend [24F] and I [31M] just recently started talking about sex...
I [21F] feel insecure about taking back the guy [22M] who rejected me 5 years ago?
my toxic friend is back
8 Years In - No Ring, Little Romance. Does he really want to be with me?
Bf keeps me a secret
Crush
Please help so confused
My girlfriend [24F] and I [31M] just started dating and now sex is on the table...
I think my Girlfriend[22 Female] is using me[24 male], need advice?
Partner accuses me of laziness, yet always puts down my efforts of contributing.
Bf (22m) manager, had inappropriate relationship with his coworker (21f). Now he wants to quit his job and work where she does.
Why did she break up...so I can improve
[17M]I am a coward and having trouble with my 4-5 year crush [17F]. Last year of highschool so last chance.
Wife (33) constantly talks about work to husband (35)
I just found out my [19M] ex-girlfriend [18F] is now dating the one guy I suspected of her cheating on me with and dont't know how to handle it.
I am [F28]. After one year of exclusiveness he [M33] asked me if he can sleep with other women. Initially I said 'yes' , next day I broke up with him. I miss him, but I can't agree to an open relationship.
I (25F) returned home after Grandmother (84F) died, mom (63F) was diagnosed with cancer, and I was assaulted.
I’m (31f) stuck in love with a married man (31m) with my own wedding next month.
Just left my boyfriend of 4 years. I'm so miserable
Why did she break up...so I can improve
How do you and your spouse handle expenses when one earns significantly more than the other?
How do you and your spouse split expenses when one earn significantly more than the other?
I (24f) treat my boyfriend (27m) like my enemy because of my own insecurities
Just left my boyfriend of 4 years. I’m so miserable
I (19M) don’t trust my gf(20F) and she freaks out when I’m with her phone. There are already many reasons for me to feel insecure...
23 M boyfriend wants to get married. But (21 F) I don’t!
I [17M] want to ask my friend [17F] out but idk if she is over her ex [17M] because the broke up because he is not coming back to my city for a while
Worried about my [24M] girlfriend's [24F] behavior, is it appropriate for me to contact her therapist?
He said he loved me a few days ago and now we are broken up . Is there a chance he still loves me ? Can You instantly stop loving someone after ending ?
What can I [24F] do to show my man [27M] I appreciate him?
I (19M) am not sure if my gf(19f) cares for me anymore.
How do i politely tell my girlfriend her receding hairline turns me off ?
Guy[25M] I’ve [24F] been dating had a bday bash and didn’t invite me
I [17M] want to ask out a friend [17F] but I don’t know if she is ready to move on from her ex [17or18M]
Am I [24m] being too harsh on my SO [20f] when I get offended by some of the jokes she makes about me?
Guy [25M] I’m [24F] dating for weeks went out for a birthday bash and didn’t invite me or text me the entire day
What nice things do you do for your man to show you appreciate him?
I'll be leaving the country and my friends in 6 months, but don't want to leave the girl of my dreams.
Met a guy that looks like my ex that passed away
My ex (17 M) and I (17 F) ended 3 days ago after 1 year and 7 months. He stopped talking to me, but still continues to keep our 524 day streak alive, any thoughts on this? (Please read description)
I dont know if I [21M] can honestly say i love her anymore [19F]. I don't know what to do
New in town, met old aquaintance. Got to know he slept with my ex, how to react?
I (22F) can’t seem to have sex with the guy (24M) I’m dating???
My Ex [F 28] finally agrees to break contact and I’m [M 30] starting to feel remorse
I (19f) think I want to go home, but fear leaving BF (30m) in the dust
I dont know if I [21M] can honestly say I love her [19F], and I don't know what to do
I’ve been talking to this boy for 3 years now. 2 years ago he started hinting and telling me that he liked me and slowly evolved to the word “love” I had no feelings for him but he continued being a very amazing caring friend to me and now I’m falling for him but I think he stopped loving me?
I [23M] "came clean" with my [23F] SO. It was a mess. What now?
I feel bad for wanting my boyfriend to regret not being as open with me. It is terrible but I want him to realize how great Of a time we had and I hoped he would like you know, be more into the relationship instead of being detached (which I feel Shitty for because this may just be his depression)?
I've (34m) learned a lot these past two years
Please answer someone! I just need help, I just need advice I need closure !!:( please help me please say something. Alot of guys ghost their ex after breakups, my ex ghosted me but still kept our streak, why ??
My[23M] Wife[23F] is very uncurious?
I sort of play with girls hair, (I always ask first)
I get really anxious and angry when my husband doesn't come home at night.
My gf gets hurt too easily
My[23M] Wife[23F] is very uncurious?
How Much Of Your Past Should Be Shared??
Boyfriend's behavior towards female friend is making me a little insecure and jealous
Me [30f] with my partner [33m] 4 years, he no longer wants to contribute to charitable causes, and wants me to follow suit.
My (28F) ex refuses to leave and I don’t know what to do.
I’m [24M] about to be at a crossroads with my friend [27F] and don’t know what to do?
Research for book - please help
My (20M) relationship feels 'too secure'?
My husband (23m) and I (23f) asked his step mom what to get his dad for his birthday. She responded with something we can afford, but is over our budget.
Girl [23] in my master's program blocked me[23] on fb while I was away on co-op. We'll see each other daily soon. What do I do?
My (20M) relationship feels 'too secure'?
I[30m] think my coworkers are lazy and may quit. Being ridicolous?
I[24M] have a big crush on my friend[24F]
Ex (23m) said he broke up with me for self growth after 4 years (26f)
[18m] feeling very numb and insecure after breakup
I'm [23M] in a Jim-and-Pam type situation where I'm in love with my best friend/co-worker [22F] who's engaged to another man. How do I tell her how I feel?
I am Asian guy (18) from NYC. looking for cute Asian girlfriend
Girlfriend problem or am i the one wrong?
I [24F] was wondering if it's possible or unrealistic to want a boyfriend who won't cuss me out every week or two
Doubt
I[24F] was wondering if its possible or unrealistic to ask for a boyfriend who won't cuss me out every week or two
My [28F] husband [30M] throws tantrums
I [20f] get anxiety from my boyfriend [24m]
We fight a lot, but I crave her really much
Am I allowed to be upset? Warning: might be gross to some, happened durring sex
My (21F) worries about boyfriend (22M) using drugs
Crazy Girlfriend Move (Catfishing Involved)
My (23f) friend (27f) ditched my birthday because her boyfriend (27m) "wanted cuddles."
I (21F) don't know what is it about me that is making guys lose interest
We fight a lot, but I crave her more
I’ve observed old messages of my SO reaching out to personal adds
Long term ex couples, what made you decide that it’s time to break up?
How to break up with someone suicidal?
Warning: this might be gross to some, happened during sex
My (23F) friend (27F) ditched my birthday because her boyfriend (27M) "wanted cuddles."
AITA for leaving my partner who I didn’t feel had strong feelings for me and I had strong feelings for them?
[deleted by user]
I (25M) has a friend (21M) who touched my waist and I’m not sure what it means
53 year old male in a relationship with 49 year old woman who spanks him.
My [22M] Gf [23F] does not know what to do next year; it is blocking both of us.
53 year old male, being spanked by 49 year old woman.
How to deal with boyfriend who is inexperienced in relationships especially when it comes to dealing with conflict?
I'm [21F] scared my Dad [55M] might kill my family and/or himself. How do I stop this?
[deleted by user]
Slept with a married guy (31). Do i tell his wife?
My [M22] ex girlfriend [F19] broke up with me really randomly siting a loss of love for me.
I (M25) dont know what to do about relationship with girlfriend of a year? (F22)Please help?
What to buy this girl [F20]
My (20F) boyfriend (21M) sudden weird phone behaviours? What to think?
Tried to open up to my [F21] boyfriend [M20] about a situation involving another guy at work. He left
I [17M] am going to the movies with a girl [17F] which i've been talk with alot, but am not sure how to make it go further.
Emotional Intimacy
For all facing rejection. [21M].
What to buy this girl [F 20]
How can I not make a fool of myself?
Me [25M] and my newly-wed wife [32F] going to Australia for our honeymoon. She has an irrational fear of koalas.
My [20f] fiance [20m] won't say out loud that we're engaged and it makes me feel like shit
Me [24 M] with my housemate [34 M] have fallen out over a living arrangement and I want to resolve the situation
[22F] How do I break up with my first boyfriend with a more than 2 year relationship?
Me (25M) and my ex-girlfriend (28F) are seeing each other again. What should I do?
I [17M] am going to the movies with a girl [17F] which i've been talk with alot, but am not sure how to make it go further.
Me [25M] and my newly-wed wife [32F] going to Australia for our honeymoon. She has an irrational fear of koalas.
Emotional Intimacy
Boyfriends Best Friend is being abusive towards me
Is it disrespectful to not want to hang out with a relative (42M) who I (22M) just met yesterday?
For all the people facing rejection. I'm [21M].
Count down to meeting my first true love at 30. But I have just one problem
My fiance won't say out loud to his family that we're engaged and that makes me feel like shit
How can I best not make a fool of myself?
GF keeps on smoking despite knowing that I am super uncomfortable with it.
Me (25M) and my ex-girlfriend (28F) are seeing each other again. What should I do?
‘Love mean different things to people’ Is that right?
For all those people facing rejection.
I [30m] let my friend [26m] move in with me and now I'm regretting it.
I [27f] find myself dreading talking with my LDR bf [29M] of over 5 years, I dont know if its exhaustion, anger or something else
Reassurance from a boyfriend that has cheated
[21F] how to be okay with feeling alone
My (22f) girlfriend continually invades my(19m) privacy, and went s far as to make a reddit account to spy on me and goes through my phone regularly and says she can as I should have nothing to hide
He still hasn’t kissed me after 7 dates
Bf keeps me a secret?
Me (19, male, Vietnamese) and my girlfriend (21, female, American) are in a complicated realtionship while we live across the sea.
Alcoholic father (55M) has died and I (21M) am having trouble processing it
How do you know when you want to end a relationship
Crush on a cashier at school.
He is ghosting... is the relationship over? Should I move on? Or am just being clingy? F24 and M34
Girlfriend and I broke up while living in my house.
Me (19, male, Vietnamese) and my girlfriend (21, female, American) are in a complicated raleationship while we live across the oncean.
My alcoholic father has died and I am having trouble processing everything.
My(f22) fwb (m25) just left for an indefinite amount of time.
My [26M] ex-girlfriend [21F] is telling my new girlfriend terrible and inaccurate things about me
Am I (26/F) being unreasonable for cutting off a narcisstic mutual 'friend' (26F) ?
He just ghosted ... so is the relationship over? Am I allowed to move on? It's a looooonnng read...
Anyone else here roommates with their ex?
Me (19) Vietnamese and my girlfriend (21) American are in a complicated relationship while we live across the oncean.
I (F38) don’t know how to help my partner (F41) as she just shuts down every time
What is the general consensus on marrying the first person you have a romantic relationship with?
Need advice
Single 18M need life advice
18M, need help
help My girlfriend [F21]does not want to have sex. [M26]
Is it normal to get pissed at boyfriend? off
I (25M) was dating a girl (26F) I met at college for a month and she dumped me after sex
My (18m) doesn’t know how to deal with depressed gf (18f)
My (31m) fiancé (28f) has anger issues and is really pessimistic
How to help integrate my shy GF into the rest of my life?
Dating 5 weeks, he (40) doesn't ask me (f/36) questions anymore, texts less, but calls daily and wants to see me
I’m sleeping with the guy I lost my virginity when I was 16
Advice on parasitic partner
Liking lewds in a relationship
I (24M) was dating a girl (26F), that I met at college, and after a month she dumped me.
Brother's [29 M] new girlfriend [28 F] of two months, opportunist. Opinions please.
I (24F) got a new and more demanding job, can feel relationship slipping away
Acting as a wife without the marriage to back it up.
Common Behaviors That Are Subtly Sabotaging Your Relationship
My brother's [29 M] new girlfriend [28 F] of 2 months, opportunist. Opinions please.
I (Vietnamese, 19 male) am in complicated relationship with my girlfriend (American, 21 female)
I (24F) got a new, more demanding job and my partner(30M) and I have been fighting ever since is this normal?
I [22M] don’t think she’s [21F] the one, but she’s completely into me
A short story about what married men sacrifice for the sake of sex
I think my (24F) boyfriend (23M) is a burgeoning alcoholic, he thinks he’s a normal dude who likes to have fun. Is it a cultural thing?
Should I (34M) give a birthday present to someone (35F) after only 3 dates?
My (36m) wife (33f) wants a break to think about the relationship and I want to get back on track. What should I do next?
Does anybody want to start a relationship, where we can talk about anything and get to know eachother?
I [24 M] am not growing with my 3-year girlfriend [21 F]
Not sure if my boyfriend (23M) is an alcoholic or if I’m (24F) being paranoid. Is it a cultural thing?
Does he [19M] like me[24F] or I am reading too much about it?
My (36m) wife (33f) wants a “break” to think about the relationship. How do we get back on track?
Astonishing and eye-opening...
Couples that got together after breaking up, how did you cope with your SO doing something with someone else?
Parents gave away childhood dog unknowingly
She ended it because she's not ready for a relationship, but this isn't your standard 'let him down easy' excuse
S/O going away for college
My[29M] girlfriend [27F] just confessed to me she that she was sexually dancing with a straight man at a gay bar.
I'm marrying the best lady ever and I want to brag
fam
So.. sad... [25F]
Lost
I found out my [18M] girlfriend [19F] slept with a waiter and I don’t know what to do
My F/20 boyfriend M/20 says he’s there for me, but it never feels like it
My GF(23F) of three years left me(23M) and I don’t know how to move on.
I (M18) have been in love with one of my best friends (F18) for the past three years and just can't quit
So.. sad..
29m deal breaker
My gf(23F) of four years left me(23M) and I don’t know what to do now.
I [M18] feel a lot of pressure about getting in a relationship
Fuming. Someone please talk me [24F] down before I do something I’ll regret over my boyfriend [25M] cheating
I [24M] have a problem with the fact that my girlfriend ]23F] of two months wears dentures.
My boyfriend's (30m) family is cold towards me (27f) no matter what I do. I see them quite often and it is making me feel more and more uncomfortable.
Would any F be able to start a convo and possibly a relationship?
23F
Friend zone advice
Advice
my (25F) gf is making a big deal out of the fact that I (28M) don't wipe my ass if I know I'm going to shower later in the day
I [18F] cheated on my boyfriend [19M] a week after we got together. We've been dating for about a year now. I want to confess.
I’m [23F] Pretty Sure I met my Soulmate [38M]; How do I not eff it up?
I cheated on my boyfriend a week after we got together. We've been dating for about a year now. I want to confess.
I [26M] am giving my fiance [27M] an ultimatum regarding his homophobic parents because I don't want them interacting with any of our future children. He thinks I'm going overboard.
I [20 M] was broken up by my [20F] ex 5 months ago, and made me feel cynical about future relationships
Can a sexless marriage come back from the brink? Can I (f30) turn this around?
Me (M19) Stuck In a Heart Wrenching Push-Pull Cycle Relationship (2yr) with my Partner (F18) - Avoidant/Anxious Relationships
I [20M] got broken up on by my [20F] ex 5 months ago, and I'm cynical about future relationships
[17M] confused on what action to take on the crush I have [15F] that identifies as a boy.
My (28M) coworker (23F) agreed to a date. Arranging it is making me worried.
Ever since getting into a relationship, every girl feels like a threat to me?
my (25F) boyfriend (24M) taught me the meaning of "your partner should be your best friend"
Never Finding Satisfaction in a (monogamous) Relationship
I 19F feel like I am not mature or mentally stable enough to be in a relationship with my boyfriend M21
Girl says she wants a challenge?
my (25F) boyfriend (24M) made me finally understand what people mean by “your partner should be your best friend”
How bad is it if boyfriend ( 19M) of 10months says he's bored of the relationship?
Why am I (23f) not in love with my ex (24m) when he treated me better than anyone and has virtually everything I could ask for in a partner?
How bad is it if boyfriend (19M) says he's bored of the relationship? (Dating since 10 months)
Friend [27M] is very withdrawn and blocks me[22F] out
A friend [27M] is blocking me out
I'm not sure what type of sexual I am
I (20M) am still heart broken over my girlfriend of several years (19F) leaving me.
My (30m) sister (18f) is in an abusive relationship. She attempted suicide and is currently in the hospital.
My [22F] bf [22M] just told me he was bicurious. Im panicking.
I don't know what kind of sexual I am.
F(24) is it time to move on from him ? M (43)
I [18M] am having moves made towards me by a girl [17F] who is just not my type
My [29F] fiancé [38M] is erotic roleplaying and I’m so confused.
My [37M] GF [35F] of 2 years has different view on class than I
Is it possible that TOO much affection can turn someone off?
I [18M] am having moves made towards me by a girl [17F] who is just not my type
I'm inlove with my best friend.
Me M(21) Talked with a girl F(25) is this a take a hint or genuine
On paper, I (25m) have a great relationship with my gf (25f). In reality, I'm unhappy.
I (24F) kissed my best friend (27M) last night and it was the most intense moment of my life.
I [22F] think I found my soulmate [34M] but I'm too young
[UPDATE] My (19f) boyfriend (20f) is becoming possessive and I don't know if I should dump him?
I (21F) feel underappreciated by my (24M) boyfriend, does this make me selfish?
My [F27] husband [M26] is leaving me frustrated...
Losing virginity. Worth finding that special someone or just going for it?
I [27F] try to figure out what made me draw to my friend [37M].
My friend (28F) told me (28F) that she loves me and I don’t feel the same. What do I do?!
Girl with a baby already.
Girl (18 F) will keep staring at me to see if I’m looking at her. Why?
I (21F) feel underappreciated by my (24M) boyfriend, does this make me selfish??
Sexual frustration is driving me insane...
Ex [24M] Just broke up with me [21M]. He was my best friend and I have no friends currently. What should I do?
My (28M) coworker (23F) agreed to a date. Arranging it is making me worried.
Is this a “take a hint” or genuine?
I (24F) kissed my best friend (27M) last night and it was the most intense moment of my life.
Ex [24M] 2 and a half year long boyfriend just broke up with me. I have no friends to be here for me, what should I do?
I [21M] just got dumped by ex [24M]. He was my only friend, what should I do to take care of myself?
My fiancé [26M] wants me [26F] to forgive his best friend [27M] who was extremely toxic to me.
My partner [32F] gave me [20F] an ultimatum: either I come out and be open about our relationship, or he will leave me
I (38m) have a friend (30f) who is in fr3quent and regular contact
I just had a housewarming (apartment) party. All of my fiends (23-24) left by 11:15, I’m feeling like I failed as a host and very lame.
Am I (26F) overreacting for the way my BF (25M) has made me feel? <Insecure, worthless>
My fiancé [26M] wants me [26F] to forgive his best friend [27M] who was extremely toxic to me.
Had friends over for a house (apartment) warming party. 8 people came and hung out and left by 11:15. Feeling like I’m lame, but not sure if this is just how it is once your our age (23-24)
I [28F] feel hopeless about my 4 year relationship with bf [31M]
Should I go with my gut or get back with her?
How to know if I should keep going in this “relationship”
Me [29/F] with my family [31-55 M/F], not supportive of me wanting to adopt foster children
I keep trying to help my brother make friends but he turns his nose up and acts like a jerk to people at school. Doesn't matter who it is.
Am I [30M] over reacting to my [22F] "Grinding" with her guy friends?
Should I [F19] reconnect with my [M50] dad?
I love my mom as a woman.I have feelings for her my whole life. I wrote it here because i dont want just have sex with her i would love to be her man and make her my queen.Yeah its my mom but please read it first before you are mean to me and this is 100% true story.I need make her mine now or never
Boyfriend (22m) was telling me (21f) he felt guilty about past actions towards a woman, something he did to me early when we saw each other. I’m feeling a little confused
How to know if I should keep going
Am I a shitty girlfriend?
My bf might be gay I need advice
My(F31) Husband (M29) of 3 years told me he wants a paternity test once the baby is born.
How do I [20F] support my LDR boyfriend [21M] through his depression? Are we doomed?
Husband (27m) and I (25f) can't decide where to spend Thanksgiving
How to deal with conflicted feelings?
I (18f) hurt my boyfriends(18m) feelings because I want to be alone all the time.
My boyfriend might be bi/gay I need advice
Is it wrong for me (26F) to have self-esteem issues because of the things my BF (25M) has said or am I overreacting?
Parents grounded me at 18
Gap Between Your Legs Says About Your Relationship
It's been 7 years. Is it time to give up.
I [F21] am in love with my long term boyfriend [22], but I am fantasizing about someone else.
My (24F) and my husband (23M) never go to sleep together.
A good friend of 5 years [25F] and I [26M] caught up. Signs or all in my head?
A customer (M26) at my work is extremely problematic and it’s causing me (F22) great distress and the possibility of losing my job
Parents grounded me at 18
My hubby [41] and I [35] were in love but I needed more "fun"
My (M 25) Husband and I (F24) don’t click anymore, I fear of not being able to stay faithful.
I pussed out and now I regret it. Any Advice?
A good friend of 5 years [25F] and I [26M] caught up. Signs or all in my head?
I’m [20M] trying to figure out a way to start a conversation and ask out a girl that I’ve only talked to once
My [24F] best friend [25F] of 4 years lies to me all the time? Why does she do this? Should I call her out on it?
My(21f) heart is broken. He (24) says he doesn't want to be in relationship.
Am I (M33) wrong for not being accepting of aspects of my girlfriends (30) relationship with another male?
i think my [23m] gf [24f] is volunteering too much
I hubband [39 M] and I [35 F] were in love but I need more .Infidelity
My [24F] best friend [25F] of 4 years always lies to me. Should I tell her how much it bothers me? Why does she lie about these things?
My girlfriend [21/F] writes Shrek fan-fiction and it's making me question this relationship.
Am I (M33) being unreasonable regarding my girlfriends (F30) friend (M31)
My (26F) boyfriend (27M) always wants me to hang with his family.
my [24m] gf [23f] may be volunteering too much
My fiancé [35m] just told me [32f] that he's not sure he'll love me forever?
Toys in the bedroom
Should I (30F) confess to my parents that my deceased grandfather was sexually molesting my sister (28F) and I?
I [20M] can't make any friends
I fucked up
Struggling with decision to stay or leave
My [m21] girlfriend [f25] has no energy levels— only wants to stay in bed all day and avoid the world.
Questions about guilt over sex [M&F20s, 1 year dating]
Why am I so fucking sad
Consider the comments a confessional
Giving me shit cause I'm poor after being ok with it
My (M21) girlfriend (F26) has no drive or energy levels— sleeps a lot and stays inside all day.
Why is she [19F] ghosting me [21M] after admitting she likes me? How should I handle it?
20F and 19M - Do I even deserve his trust? Is this hopeless?
I don’t know how to feel?
I (25M) got tested after I caught my partner (25F) cheating on me and I feel humiliated.
I (18/F), started a FWB relationship with my best friend, (18, M) and I think he's into me emotionally.
Lost in relation [M27]
Giving Season Donation
my boyfriend won't stop lying to me? how do i break up? i have no friends??
Am I (24f) suppose to want to "jump his bones" (22M)?
I [24f] just ended things with a guy [27m] I was seeing. How can I heal?
Why is she [20F] ghosting me [21M] after admitting she likes me? How do I handle it?
My (M21) girlfriend (F26) has absolutely no drive or energy levels— not sure what to do?
Alone and heartbroken
My [25 M] best friend [25 F] is gently refusing to attend my wedding. My fiance [27 M] is furious and says I need to cut her off. I need advice
I (F/18), started a FWB relationship with my best friend , (M/18), and I think he may like me romantically??
I (25F) just found out my mother (52F) has cancer and I have no idea how to be supportive
I (26M) can only tolerate my girlfriend (24F) when she is high.
Why is she ghosting me? How should I handle it?
Why am I so fucking sad?
Is it unhealthy for me (23M) to keep a small crush on this girl (21F) in case the future provides different circumstances?
My friend (M14) and I (M13) got caught sneaking out. Help
My (28/F) boyfriend (22/M) refrains from solving issues until he feels like it. Am I being manipulated?
Falling hard for another guy besides being in a serious relationship?
College Friends
How Do You Move On After Someone Falls Out of Love With You?
My (52 F) mother flew out to surprise me (22F)....and two months later I cant get her to leave.
My Friend (M14) and I (M13) got caught sneaking out.
Its all in my head, but I can't stop freaking out inside
How do I (18F) know if i am in love?
How Do You Start Over After the Love of Your Life Stops Loving You?
M(26) f(27) she dumped me I'm starting no contact
(20F) with (19M) - do I even deserve his trust?
How can I show my girlfriend I trust her? Did I ruin this relationship?
I’ve (27M) been on the fence about my relationship with my now ex (27F) since it began. Now that it’s over I can’t help but feel miserable for hurting her. Did I do the right thing?
My (28/F) boyfriend (22/M) refrains from communication whenever we have a discussion. Is he manipulating me?
My friend and I just got caught sneaking out.
Been dating 4 months but..
Why the fuck am I so sad?
One of my (25F) best friends (24F) is really messing up and I'm unsure of how to help her.
My(21M), sister (30sF) wants to have xmas at her house and I could not think of anything worse
My fiancé (23M) is terrible at communicating. Do I (22F) just give up?
I[M25] have developed an apethetic attitude towards my relationship and not sure If I did the right thing by ending it.
Me (19) with my boyfriend (19) I don't know what to do anymore
Do you still think about your ex?
How do I (18F) know if I’m in love?
I’ve (27M) been on the fence about our relationship with my now ex gf (27F) since we first became bf/gf about 7 months ago. Now that it’s over I can’t shake the feeling of guilt for hurting her. Did I do the wrong thing?
My (M24) pregnant girlfriend (F29) cancels the apartment we reserved and leaves me.
Someone please tell me (26/m) I’m overreacting
How do I (25F) fight the urge to contact someone (25M) who wants nothing to do with me anymore?
My [23M] girlfriend [22F] of 2 years was a slut during her first few years of college, and she never told me. Should I break up with her?
I think my (18M) ex-gf (18F) want to get back together with me after she dumped me. Not entirely sure what to do.
Feeling uncomfortable opening up to someone
I (20F) am unable to commit to anyone
Is religion a good enough reason to not have met my (28F) boyfriend (27M) of 6 years family?
My best friend [20F] told me [20M] that she is 8 weeks pregnant with her ex boyfriend, who happens to be my room mate.
How do I fight the urge to contact someone who wants nothing to do with me anymore?
My parents (47/49) hate my (21) girlfriend (21) and I don't know how to keep them all in my life without driving myself crazy
Online friend ignores my private messages, yet expects me to reply to theirs?
Is it wrong for me[20F] to buy my bf[M21] a Christmas present even though we agreed we wouldn’t this year?
Im(19f) 3 weeks pregnant and I can’t afford the baby and I haven’t told my boyfriend(23m) yet
How to help my bf(28) move forward in his life?
My (30f) bf (31m) is insecure because I had a lot of sexual experience and he is a virgin
Is she right to feel jealous and suspicious?
Im (19f) 3 weeks pregnant and I can’t afford a baby and I haven’t told my boyfriend (23m)
How to help my bf(28) move forward in his life?
Girl (19f)with a boyfriend keeps asking me (19m) if i like her
Is it normal for a friend to ask you to cross dress?
ISO a sugar daddy
I [F22] had a great date with a guy [28M] , I think next time we are going to have sex. I'm still virgin. How can I tell him?
I’m (19f) 3 weeks pregnant and I can’t afford to keep it and I haven’t told my boyfriend (23m)
My Husband is Angry all of the Time and Claims that it’s my Fault.
"Working" relationship advice/please help me feel better
My fiance (M35) and I (F25) have been arguing over a woman who works at the local Dollar Tree.
She (17F) doesn’t have time for me (18M) right now. Does she have time for me later?
Is it normal for a friend to ask you to cross dress?
I [F22] had a great date with a guy [28M] , I think next time we are going to have sex. I'm still virgin. How can I tell him?
I (17M) don’t want to seek out a girlfriend, but feel like an outcast without one. Any advice?
My(19M) partner(20M) wants me to text him more often during the week
My (21F) group of Friends (21F) decided to mistreat me and ignore me when I became anxious and sad because they don't understand mental illness
How do I know if it's a date?
Her [29 F] and I [26 M] of 6 months broke up today, really not sure what the reason was. Everything was going well
My mother (58F) has shared all the details about my ongoing backpacking trip (photos, locations, comments) on her Facebook. When I (27F) told her to stop, she got very upset
My wife hates (some of) my family, and I am always stuck in middle of it.
I [F22] had a great date with a guy [28M] , I think next time we are going to have sex. I'm still virgin. How can I tell him?
Me [26 M] and a girl [29 F] of 6 months, broke up this afternoon. Doesn't feel like it should've ended.
My boyfriend [31/M] of 9 months hid from me [33/F] that he used to have a crush on his close friend [30/F]
She (17F) decided she didn’t have enough time for me (18M) right now. Does that mean she wants to have time later?
My mother (57F) has shared everything (locations, photos and comments I've sent them) about my (27F) recent backpacking trip on her Facebook. When I told her to stop, she got very upset.
I love my (24, F) partner (26, M) of 5 years so much but I'm no longer crazy about him, some advice please!
Am I (F/28) scum for lying to my brother-in-law (M/23)?
My [32F] my husband [29M] seems to need a lot of alone time on the weekends and I'm not dealing well with it. Advice needed
Boyfriend (23 M) insists I (21 F) have an eating disorder and is humiliating me in public and private over it.
Am I (F/28) scum for lying to my brother-in-law (M/23)?
I love my (24, F) partner (26, M) of 5 years so much but I'm no longer crazy about him, some advice please!
I (17M) don’t want to seek out a girlfriend, but I feel like an outcast without one. Any advice?
I (20F) need more out of life than he (23M) wants. What now?
[23M] Should I let myself ruin a great relationship?
Pregnant girlfriend 29(f) is leaving me 24(m) at 3 months left in the pregnancy one day after signing for an apartment.
Temporary breakup?
I like to dip my balls in ice cold water multiple times a day. Will this be acceptable in a relationship?
I [21M] feel really alone, despite being involved and busy on paper, and don't know what to try to get myself more connected.
Should I (22F) express my concern regarding my friend's (26F) boyfriend (30M)?
I [17M] have always been more apt to making friends with girls than guys. Is this okay, and why is this?
my boyfriend isnt circumcised does it affect how i give him head?
Have you ever considered to order 'mail-bride'?
I [21M] feel really alone, despite being involved and busy on paper, and don't know what to try to get myself more connected.
Should I stay or should I go?
Am I crappy
My [21F] boyfriend of 9 months [21M] sort of moved out and I don’t know how to deal with it
Anyone who rebounded with a good friend?
GF needs two years of space to recover from a past trauma, and wants me to wait. Bad idea?
My [27M] mother [58F] is giving me a hard time over my waifu body pillow
Need to let go of feelings for a past relationship
I [23F] got paired with a friend [24F] for a group activity. She told me she wanted to be completely separate and us each do the assignment ourselves. Then she tried to piggyback on mine and blamed me when she didn't finish it
(21/F) Having trouble with the dissolving of another friend group (19-23/MFs)
27(m), my girlfriend 27(f) of 7 years has blindsided me and ended our relationship
We've been officially married for five years but I'm still sad that we didn't get to have a wedding.
Should I stay or should I go?
I [21 F] can't keep friends to save my life
Relationship crisis in mid 20s, not even funny anymore
I [21F] don’t know how to date without getting so emotional. Was ghosted after 1 date
My girlfriend randomly dumped me after I told her I don’t look forward to her coming to see me.
saying (or not saying) "I love you"
How do I [21F] tell the guy [23M] I’m dating I want to have sex, but can’t atm due to personal reasons?
Girls don't notice me and it's slowly destroying my life
Does this girl [25/F] like me [26/M] and how should I approach her?
My girlfriend randomly dumped me after I told her I feel uncomfortable when she comes over due to my flatmate hating her.
I(18, M) Fell in love with a girl (17, W) and from that point it all went wrong
GFs [22F] mom hates me [23F]
Girlfriend wants to go on camping trip with workmate?
My (18F) brother (20M) likes to touch my butt and thighs a lot. Is this normal?
A fucking mess of a relationship. Do I stay or go?
I (23M) moved out to get my GF (23F) out of an abusive house. Can't give her enough attention while paying the bills.
Breaking the rule?
My [25F] boyfriend [31M] got in a nasty fight with his ex [21F]. Am I in the wrong for being angry?
My (21f) bf (22m) went to a peep show in Amsterdam without asking me
Is this cheating? Dating 6 months
how often do ghosts come back? I hear it is common for boys to come back after vanishing
Can I [20F] side with guy over my good friend and Roomate [22F]
Girls don't notice me and it's slowly destroying my life
My childhood friend (26F) is recently engaged. She’s asked me (25F) to be in the wedding. Her fiancé (23M) and I emphatically dislike each other. What should I do in this situation?
My [21f] bf [22m] went to a peep show without asking me
My [18M] little sister [14F] is openly a furry and I'm very concerned for her
I don't know anymore
My (30f) husband (26m) is not interested in sex with me now that I'm pregnant. I'm concerned because of this situation paired with something else I found...
Should I (24F) be worried about my sister's (16F) relationship with her new (and first ever) boyfriend (19M)?
how often do ghosts come back? I hear it is common for boys to come back after vanishing
My [18F] boyfriend's best friend [19M] said that he wouldn't recommend anyone to date my boyfriend [19M]: UPDATE
[M25] How do I turn myself into a man that women want?
I am 22 (M), Do I end the relationship with My University sweetheart 21(F) due to continuous stress?
I (24 F) is afraid that my partner (24 M) will leave me if i lose too much weight.
Friend (20F) and her BF (20M) are having a lot of red flags. What should I tell her?
My [18F] boyfriend's best friend [19M] said that he wouldn't recommend anyone to date my boyfriend [19M]: UPDATE
Help me find a sugar momma!
Avoiding favouritism with partner at work
My (22m) girlfriend (22f) is pretty sad with our last weeks
How often do boys come back after ghosting????? I hear that it is common
Looking for a friend(s)
Friend (20F) and her BF (20M) are having a lot of red flags. What should I tell her?
My [21M] girlfriend [19F] is scared to have arguments with me
My gf(18) just broke up with me(19). I feel lost and have no idea what to do now. Does anyone have any advice on how to move on?
I [M 16] told my ex girlfriend[F 16] that I am still close to that I developed crush on random girl just to see her reaction.
My situation (M19)
I [21 M] like someone a bit younger than me [18 F]
BF (M32) choking me and lying to me (F32)
Boyfriend is a pervert???
My (21m) girlfriend (21f) continuously breaks promises about smoking and taking hard drugs. Am I being too controlling?
I feel happy with my average penis, it has affected my relationships in the best way. Men and women give it a read
My (21 m) girlfriend (21 f) continuously breaks promises she makes to me about not smoking and not taking drugs
Boyfriend is a pervert???
I [28M] Waited Too Long To Come Back To The One [24F]
I [20F] want to buy my bf [21M] concert tickets but I can only afford the worst seats
I [22m] am manipulative and controlling and am pushing away my gf [20f]
Found out my boyfriend of 8 years was on dating app
How to react when my mom [F52] says I'm [F22] imagining things
Update: I’ve finally moved on from my ex, but need more advice for something
Update: I’ve moved on from my ex, but need some new advice
First time dating sober(23F)
The guy [27M] I'm [23F] dating is horrible on twitter. Should I cut my losses and move on?
My [25 M] best friend [24 F] doesn't believe me about something serious and I think our friendship has to end as a result
describe your second love
Update: I’ve moved on from my ex, but need some advice on something new
I waited too long and now she's gone
19 F Is he out of my league? Objective opinions.
My [20F] best friend [20M] is the most confusing man in the world.
My (16F)best friend and (17M)I started to become closer romantically, but can't due to something from her past.
Lied to in a relationship, what is your take on this?
My roommates are chronic moochers. How do I keep them from using me as a personal bank?
F 19, Is he out of my league?
My best friend is the most confusing man in the world...
[26/m] Working things through with my [25/f] ex is slowly killing me
I'm in a horrible situation
An embarrassing situation has me (20M) wondering if I should break up with my (20F) Girlfriend
Fixing You Is Killing Me
My boyfriend is really bad at sharing my happiness and accomplishments. Am I just being selfish or should I talk to him about it?
Lied to in a relationship, what’s your take on something like this
My mother (60f) criticizes and degrades my father (67m) - It's tearing our family apart. (Help)
i can't stop looking at my exes iMessages, youtube history, gmail, maps :( Help!
I'm [24f] taking a break from having sex, IDK for how long... I told an old coworker [30s m], and he told a bunch of other people about it
I (21F) live with depressed bf (21M) who does nothing all day. What I can do to help?
I (22F) need help dealing with my insecurity issues with my boyfriend (22M)
My [17F] “boyfriend” [18M] has started ditching me for ball games instead of our daily convo. Should I confront him?
i fell in love with someone far away. then starting dating someone close to me
We [33 F] and hubby [38 M] didn't want to cheat but wanted to be with others.
Hypothetical question
Guy I rejected still wants to talk and be friends, is he being genuine?
Feel more lonely in my (23m) relationship with my partner (24f) than on my own in2 year LDR
My [25 M] girlfriend [21 F] HATES her job so she comes home and punishes me
I (22F) need help dealing with my insecurity issues with my boyfriend (22M).
Update - thank all of you! Get out from the no-future relationships
is my roommate an asshole or am i?
A friend of mine (23, M) just came out to me as being gay. Problem is, we have a mutual friend who's also his girlfriend (22,F).
Boyfriend has Coworkers nudes
No respect
Re-invest in relationship with my [26F] current Bf [26M] or move on?
I (18/F) and a very close friend, (18/M) started a FWB relationship and it doesn't feel right?
A friend of mine (23, M) just came out to me as being gay. Problem is, we have a mutual friend who's also his girlfriend (22, F).
My (20/F) boyfriend of 3 years (22/M) is no longer initiating sex, and it's weighing on me
NSFW: I [35M] am no longer sexually attracted to my wife [32F] after she gave birth to our daughter [1F]
My boyfriend (M 17) and I (F 16) had unprotected sex last night, he didnt come but we are still nervous, hes blaming himself
Guy (m/46) says he needs time
No respect
Nothanks giving
I (22/F) think this is the end of my relationship with my boyfriend (23/M) of 4 years.
Re-invest in current relationship, or move on?
My (29M) girlfriend of 3 years (29F) has developed bipolar type 2
I (18/F), recently decided to become FWB with my close friend, (18/M) and the relationship doesn't seem as it is?
I (F/19) can't get a read on this guy (M/19?)
My [22/f] boyfriend [23/m] ALWAYS argues with me about everything. I can't stand it. Am I overreacting though?
My (23f) grandad (79) has just been diagnosed with ALS/Motor Neurone Disease. I'm devastated.
Long Distance and College
Me [26M] with my gf [26F] of 7 years. I keep having dreams of intense love and affection for other women, and now im getting feelings of regret
What should I [19M] do with this girl [19F] I like?
What is the most unexpected thing your partner has ever asked of you? Did you comply? Why/why not?
My parents (47/49) are super wierd about my (21) girlfriend (21) and it's driving a wedge between us
I’m (22 F) recently single, have no friends and work in an environment with all women where management activity DISCOURAGE friendships....feeling incredibly lonely
My gf (f19) is talking badly about me (m21) behind my back to our colleagues / managers; am I unreasonable to bring it up with her, and if it's not unreasonable, how should I do it?
I'm not sure if I [20/F] should keep a secret for my sister [24/F]
Is it a red flag if you’re SO won’t give you their phone password?
Girlfriends(16) mom knows we had sex and wants to talk to my(17) mom.
How to talk to my (21F) boyfriend (26M) about him going down on me
My (26m) gf (25f) is vehemently against recreational drugs; I want to try shrooms for the first time. Should I keep her in the dark about it or confront her with it?
what does this mean about a guy?
My bf (25M) is doesn’t seem to care about my emotions (21F) . I told him I was really upset over certain issues in my life and he said he would get back to me later but he never did.
What should I [19M] do next with this girl [19F] I like?
I (22F) got dumped by him (24M). How do I change for the better?
My gf talks badly about me to my managers & senior colleagues...
why do i keep on thinking about this guy?
My (26m) gf (25f) is vehemently against recreational drugs; I want to try shrooms for the first time. Should I keep her in the dark about it or confront her with it?
My(33f) sister(38f) is rebounding with my husband’s close friend
I [20F] want to take my next potential relationship slowly and that is new to me
Is it mean to not sit with my boyfriend during lectures?
Would you take back someone you truly loved in the past but things did not work out at early phases of your life?
How do I (m18) move on
How do I (F19) respectfully let my boyfriend (M25) know that when we're watching movies, I actually want to watch the movie until it ends without being touched?
I [25 M] made amends with a close friend of 3 years [24 M] after no contact for a 2 years. Not sure where to go from here?
Messy Partner
Possible issues in my (22F) LDR with (25M)
A guy [30M] I barely knew in high school made a post that implied he's very lonely and (from my interpretation of the wording) maybe even contemplating suicide. What can I [28F] do?
Gut feeling or do I need to let go of the past
I [30F] Like My Dynamic with a Former Professor [50sM] but Am Confused About What Our Relationship Is. I Need Help!
Do I (21F) keep trying to have a friendship with my ex (20M)
I [25 M] made amends with a close friend of 3 years [24 M] after no contact for a 2 years. Not sure where to go from here?
Man (37 M) I (28 F) am newly dating sending mixed messages...
My [37 F] best friend of 17 years and roommate [41F] has serious depression issues and takes no initiative to get things done around the house
I (18F) really like a guy (19M) from my dorm but he’s very shy
Do I( 21F) stay friends with my ex (20M) or get a clean break?
How can I [m 26] learn to trust my girlfriend? What can she [f 21] do to help me trust her?
Can’t forget my ex (M22)
I very recently got into my first relationship. What are the mistakes I need to avoid doing as an inexperienced guy ?
Me [19 M] with my brother [21 M] gives me the silent treatment whoever fault it is and it bothers me
My husband [33M] of 11 years was planning to leave me [32F] as recently as this summer but says he's changed his mind. I don't know what to do with this information.
I’ve (21F) fallen out of love with my boyfriend (24M) but he moved cities for me and doesn’t seem to notice we’ve changed.
I [25 M] have been dating a girl [23F] for about a week now. I really believe in the phrase, "you are who you hang out with," and her best friend is a real POS. The girl I've been dating doesn't seem to be bad person though, she seems really nice, should I worry?
My [15F] stepmom [26F] and my dad [43M] are having a baby!!!
I very recently got into my first serious relationship. What are the mistakes I ned to avoid doing as an inexperienced guy ?
When you rethink a divorce - 1 year separated [m/42]
BF (22m) wants me to stop taking birth control (22f)
My (26F) boyfriend (27M) is spending too much time on twitter and it's straining our relationship
🤔
Is this abusive?
How to cope with feelings of emptiness/something is missing in my (22F) relationship with boyfriend (25M).
Lack of intimacy during pregnancy
Can my [13M] Dad [38M] spank me 1000 times?
Can I [28M] still repair my 5 years relationship with my partner [29F] ?
I [31M] trust issues with my [23f]GF... Opinions please?
Am I being selfish?
I [25F] am interested in a coworker [30s M], and I'm too afraid to ask him out to coffee despite positive signs. Help?
My [13M] Dad [38M] wants to spank me 1000 times, wth?
My boyfriend (26m) is a picky eater
My [(20m] girlfriend [18f] of 2 years is starting her birth control in a couple of weeks which is all fine and dandy. BUT, I’ve heard plenty of stories and studies showing that girls can become un-attracted to their partner after starting the pill. Should I be worrying about this?
Ex I (19m) thought I was over(21m), is seeing someone new and I feel weird
I[F 21] just broke it off with my bf[M 22] and I can't stop crying...Did I make a mistake?
I [22F] feel insane for being so upset about being ghosted in a very casual relationship
How much time is enough time?
My (20F) ex boyfriend (25M) is becoming controlling?
How do I tell my parents I'm depressed?
Can I [28M] still repair my 5 years relationship with my partner [29F] ?
Am I (26F) being unreasonable by refusing to clean up after my room mate/best friend’s (24F) boyfriend (24M)?
I (24 F) find it hard to navigate relationships
My boyfriend(26m) is a really picky eater
I(27F) started dating this guy (28M), like him, stopped dating him, want to remain in the potential future gf area
What is the biggest age difference of your significant other in romantic relationships you have been in?
My (21f) boyfriend (26m) both gained jappyy wright, but now im too fat.
Am I expecting too much from my boyfriend of 6+ years? [23F/M]
Do you ever feel like something is missing in every romantic relationship you get into? How do you cope with it?
This one might be complicated...
Does my ex [F] still love me [M]?
My boyfriend (33M) changed the passcode on his phone and will not allow me (25f) to look through it.
Gf wants dumped me suddenly out of nowhere
I [22F] feel insane for being so upset about being ghosted in a very casual relationship
Is it appropriate to ask my [26F] boyfriend’s[27M] room mate[25] to quiet down late at night if I’m the only one bothered by it?
Why is it so hard to maintain relationships?
My (23F) best friend (23F) of 11 years is very introverted and almost never initiates conversation. Recently we haven't spoken in a month, and the last time we hung out in person, it was awkward.
This one might be complicated...
How much time is enough time?
(19m) ex I thought I was over(21m) is seeing someone new and I feel weird
My (F/20) now Ex-boyfriend’s (M/20) ex (F/20) may have tried to save my life.....should i reach out to her now?
My (17F) boyfriend (29M) is all over me but turns me down when I initiate. Help?
I have to keep my relationship a secret from everyone I know.. advice please
My friend (15m) is going out of his way to stop me (15m) from dating a girl (15F)
There a way I [20M] can make amends and reconnect with a friend [24F]?
My [23F] friend [25F] suggested to go to an event but I’m already going with my bf [26M], do I turn her down?
I'm [23F] nervous my new boyfriend [24M] may be talking to someone else
My [20 F] friend is mad at me [24 M] for leaving a club without a word due to a panic attack - justified?
I, [29 M] am not ready to give up on the [30 F] mother of my kids after 8 years together.
My friend suggested an event to go to but I’m already going with my bf, do I turn her down?
My [33M] wife [32F] and I regularly order Chipotle. I always get a side of chips. She never orders chips. She then proceeds to eat 4-5 of my chips, like clockwork. How to get her to stop eating my f***** chips?
I (26) find my SO's (32) compliments/humor annoying
My (17F) boyfriend (29M) is all over me but turns me down when I initiate. Help?
I have to keep my relationship a secret from everyone I know... advice please
My Boyfriends getting deported
I, [29 M] am not ready to give up on the [30 F] mother of my kids after 8 years together.
Is there a way that I [20M] can make amends and connect with close friend [23F]?
Confusion about what this “relationship” is between my professor [50sM] and me [30F]
How can I (31f) help my (6 strong, everyone 30 year old) D&D group be more inclusive and how to get over feeling weird about conversation?
Did my SO's friend reveal my partners cheating? (F24) need help please.
Friend [18F] didn't invite me [18M] to her party but invited a lot of my other friends
My (28F) fiancé’s (30M) sister (32F) treats her bio nieces (12&8) differently than my daughter (7)
My [35M] family's future was saved by a war criminal. Should I contact his family?
Boyfriend (28M) is upset I’m (24F) still friends with a guy who has had a crush on me years ago, who is now happily married to another woman and has no intentions of pursuing me anymore.
Relationship Advice Needed From Outsiders Point Of View
How do I [20M] convince my girlfriend [19F] to go back to her old look?
My (23F) boyfriend (24M) doesnt want to fully be in a relationship while we work out long distance.
My ex boyfriend wants to “catch up” during a layover in my city?
Boyfriend (28M) is uncomfortable that I’m (25F) still friends with a guy that had a crush on me from years ago, who is now happily married to another woman.
Long-term relationshippers, was it a red flag or perfectly normal for my (23F) boyfriend (25M) of 1.5 years to almost break up with me?
Boyfriend [36]M wants to get married but I [32]M feel the ship has sailed
What do I (18M) do in this extremely difficult situation with my long distance girlfriend (18F)?
How should I (23F) conduct myself around my sister's BF (18M)?
My girlfriend (23F) would get a tattoo with a stranger but not her boyfriend (22M) of 4 years, why?
My [M25] best friend/ex-girlfriend [F25] is acting strangely and I might need to end the friendship, but I don't know if I'm overreacting.
My (32m) g/f (32f) has disconnected from the relationship
my husband hates his job and when he gets stressed he wants me to quit my job and become a SAHM.
I (16m) am frequently uncomfortable around my parents (47m and 50f) and my aunt who lives with us on and off (39f) and they don't care when I tell them about it.
My [32m] g/f [32f] has disconnected and I don't know how to get it back.
What is your definition of the silent treatment. I feel like my boyfriend has been giving me the silent treatment and I’m trying to make sure I’m not overreacting.
[M4R] Tired of corporate invasion? PM me! I'm about to depart for free land, and a company would be really appreciated!
My[32M] married female friend[22F] recently became single and wants to go out with me to find guys to sleep with in my home. Am I overreacting by not wanting to spend time with her anymore and possibly ending the friendship?
My fiance (28m) and I (25f) are slowly acquiring roommate syndrome. How to get out?
I'm (14M) in love with my roommate (16M) and his feet, but he's strait. How do I get him to let me worship him?
my husband hates his job and whenever he gets stressed he wants me to quit my job and be a SAHM
I (21m) am growing disinterested with my girlfriend (27f)
Did my ex raped me by breaking their promises post-break up?
Can't do this anymore please help... Always questionning(long text)
Confused
(25M) The girl I'm in love with (24F) is getting married to someone else so now I have officially given up on life, and no attractive women like me because I'm obese and short. Any advice? Are my looks that ugly where no attractive woman will give me a chance? Never had a GF. Still a virgin.
My Ex (21F) broke up with me for no reason and wants to meet up with me (20M) and I don’t know what to do.
Am I [F22] wrong for telling the guy I've dated for 6 months that I don't want to get married or have children since statistically that means I will work full time, take care of the children AND do most of the chores at home? I rather be single for the rest of my life than accept such a deal.
When a relationships has run its course, can you ever rekindle it?
I'm [31M] feeling weird about something my girlfriend [29F] did last night
When a relationship has run its course...
My Ex(F21) broke up with me (20M) about 1 month ago and she wants to meet up and I don’t know what to do.
I [19F] want to tell my SO [24M] about being autistic, but I don’t know how to
Ex ofr 3 years lied to me about being raped to cover for cheating with an EX..
i feel my boyfriend is only sexually interested in me. what should i do?
Just turned 18 and my dad actually hates me
My (45m) girlfriend (40f) gave me fleas
Need advise on Video chatting tinder match-up.
I love you.
A guy I've been seeing for the last couple of months and I was really into just told me that he is interested in me only sexually. I'm crushed. How do I get over this?
Kissed a huge crush a while back, but we don’t talk much nowadays. GOING CRAZY.
Panicking about issues with my (22F) LDR boyfriend (24M)
i feel that my boyfriend only wants me for sexual pleasure and not my company what should i do
I (34F) have just discovered something awful about my partner (37M) and I don't know what to do.
My [25F] fiance [30M] wants to halt wedding planning because he doesn't feel ready
I (33F) discovered my close friend's (33F) brother's (35M) BBW porn website last night. Not sure what to do (if anything) with this newfound information.....
Girlfriends sister is super racist
My [25F] fiance [30M] wants to halt wedding planning because he doesn't feel ready
I (33F) discovered my close friend's (33F) brother's (35M) BBW porn website last night. Not sure what to do (if anything) with this newfound information.....
I (21f) have really bad anxiety and can’t tell if this is okay or not?
Did I (27F) marry my SO (33M) too soon?!
How do I (15 F) start a relationship with a guy I really like (15 M) without his sister (17 F) flipping out on me and ending my friendship with her?
My (27f) boyfriend (24m) is depressed and I am having a dilemma.
I (31F) discovered my close friend's (31F) brother's (32M) BBW porn website last night. Not sure what to do (if anything) with this newfound information.....
Me [23M] broke up with my girlfriend [19F] last Monday...but having an hard time moving on
Was I (27F) right to marry (33M) so soon?
Is there any way I(M15) could repair my relationship with her (F15)?
Issues communicating. Please help?
My (F21) boyfriend (M23) is not sexual with me
My jealousy and insecurities is messing with my relationship
Every time I (21m) get in a relationship, I constantly think about my first one, which was extremely abusive
I (25M) have been talking to a (22F) but not sure if I should continue?
A note to my ex. Me (20) Ex (20)
My husband [30m] left me [30f] and blocked my number right when I had a miscarriage last week.
How do I respond to her text? Am I friend zoned?
My ex girlfriend [24/F] had an identity crisis and I [23/M] have been lost for the past months.
Is there anyway I (M15) can repair the relationship I have with this girl (F15)?
I (16M) am baffled about what my buddies told me about the girl I like (16F)
My (29f) boyfriend (32m) is obsessed with sports and constantly on his phone, laptop, etc. How can we compromise so that he can do that stuff while still making me feel like he’s spending time with me?
I (16M) am baffled at what my friends said to me about the girl I like (16F)
Dear A. I love you.
[UPDATE] My [33M] wife [33F] of 6 years admits her behavior has undermined the marital therapy. I told her I feel like she blames the marriage for her work problems.
Depressed significant other.
My Husband Broods all of the Time and It’s My Fault?
I’m (27F) confused by my former friend with benefits’ (36M) actions and word choices about his girlfriend of 4 months.
Should this tell me [24/m] that she [21/f] misses me?
What's his deal?
Want To Help Sibling, But Not sure How
What to do if my recent ex [24M] is showing all the signs of moderate/severe depression.
Is there any chance our relationship could be saved?
I [53M] can't accept that my son [21M] is gay.
I [29 F] brought up an issue in our relationship to my friend [34 M] and now I regret it.
My [33m] wife [33f] of 6 years admits that she was sabotaging the couples therapy
TL;DR
Girlfriend [25F] has (developed?) anger issues and gets mad at my [25M] innocent jokes
I (15m) have been talking to a (22F) but not sure if I should continue?
13 yr old daughter low self esteem, no close friends
Life is cruel (Part 0)
I'm [19/F] sick of my sister [21/F] telling me who I can and can't talk to.
Me [21M] with my GF [21F] of 1 year , doesn’t want me to drink without her.
How do I [27F] thank my family [60sM&F] for renovating a family home for my boyfriend and I?
My girlfriend [both 25f] is trying to meddle in my family matters
How do I (25f) habdle this situation with my classmates (20s?f)?
I [20F] got heavily possessive over my close friend [22F] and messed up our friendship, can’t tell if she really wants to remain friends?
Problem with a Talkative Parent
I[M/19] feel really upset myself. I have some really disturbing thoughts.
My (24f) boyfriend (25m) of one year called me a sex addict and I’m feeling pretty hurt about it
Girlfriend wants to focus on her studies because we waste too much time on each other, what should I do ?
Advice for couple new to long distance relationship
Am I [27F] unreasonable for demanding husband [28M] end relationship with previous affair?
My boyfriend (m27) only has female friends, and uses them for validation.
Am I [23/F] overreacting? My boyfriend’s [24/M] friendship with our friend [24/F] has reached a level of close that I’m not comfortable with
She [20f] is blaming me [30m] for our breakup
My dog just passed away and it's really preventing me from being able to function. What do I do?
I [35 M] am interested in a woman (F40) but still in love with someone (F33) I can't have
(35f) Long distance friendship with (38m) i want more, i think he does too.. what to do?
My dog just passed away and it's really preventing me from being able to function. How do I even move on?
My Boyfriend broke my glasses!
My [26M] GF [24F] relies solely on me for her entertainment. Is this normal?
I (21M) don't know if my gf(22F) have remorse getting intimate with me.
Repent
My [26M] GF [24F] is draining me by relying solely on me for entertainment. Is this normal?
Parent's Divorcing Because of Me?
My MIL (F 60ish) and AIL (F 60ish) treat my (F 34) family differently
I (26F) desperately need advice for getting through a rough patch with my (27F) [girl]friend
My [21M] Girlfriend [22F] scared I'm going to leave her once i get successful.
UPDATE: We did remain together and sign the lease but after half a year me [25F] and him [26M] broke up - it is hard not to believe how it would be better if we just stayed together, even though it was pretty abusive from both sides
How do I (25f) become okay with being gay?
Looking for help on how to end things
Looking for help on how to end things.
Should I strike up a conversation after 4 years?
I [28F] had a horrible night with [28M]. I'm not sure how to approach him now.
Me F21 constantly feels like im walking on glass around my SO F26
Should I strike up a conversation after 4 years?
Is it an issue if I don't feel like my (26F) boyfriend (29M) has any interest in me?
Is sexting cheating? Me (F17), Boyfriend (M17), his bestfriend (F17)
I think my [24F] dad [64M] is cheating on my mom [61F]. Again.
I (25f) have fallen for a friend (~50m?) of my dad's. What do I do?
My (19f) boyfriend (20f) is becoming possessive and I don't know if I should dump him?
I think my [24F] dad [64M] is cheating on my mom [61F]. Again.
I need advice. I’m M(23) and I just found out my fiancé F(23) lied to me about going out with her girlfriends.
Parents and toddlers relationship
MESSAGE TO YOU, BOARD OWNER AND MODS
I think my [24F] dad [64M] is cheating on my mom [61F]. Again.
Relationship issues
My(22M) girlfriend (22F) keeeps a scrap book her ex made her.
Did I [25/M] take advantage of my friend [26/F]
Help me (30f) porn and another woman issue (7 years)
How can I (34 F) trust my husband (33 M)
Found cartoon child porn on Boyfriend (24m) of 8 years’ computer. I am furious.
[19F] Girlfriend has started Uni and is starting to Enjoy Her Independence From Me [22M]
Found cartoon child porn on Boyfriend of 8 years’ computer. I am losing my mind.
I’m afraid my boyfriend and I bring out the worst in each other. (22F) (21M)
Porn and another woman...
[19F] Girlfriend has said, as she has started Uni, she enjoys her independence from me [22M]
I'm (28m) a software engineer, My boss (35m) said me to do it because I like it
[Repost] Was it wrong to accept expensive gift from friend?
I (29M) fall for girls too deeply & too quickly
I'm (28m) a software engineer, My boss (35m) said me to do it because I like it, Should I quit?
Saying sorry to someone i hurt badly. Will she ever forgive me?
My (F23) boyfriend (M22) is surrounded by girls all the time.
Should I [22 F] rekindle friendship with him [22 M] or move on?
I [22F] don’t want my boyfriend[24M] to be around his friends
:(
My (22M) girlfriend (22F) keeps a scrap book her ex gave her.
What's the worst breakup you've ever been through?
My (22) GF (22) wants to break up
My (19F) Fwb (18M) seems disinterested after saying he wanted to continue
Feeling off-put by my (31F) boyfriend’s (31M) recent change in behavior. Not sure how to approach it.
My [28f] boss [50sM] gave me an inappropriate speech
My (19M) ex-girlfriend (19F) still tells me she loves me when we text or if we say bye despite having a new boyfriend. I’m not really sure what to make of it.
what’s the best way to “shoot my shot” to a girl?
My Fiancè [31f] just ended with me [31m] and I feel totally devastated and lost.
My (22) GF (22) wants to break up
FWB (18M) giving mixed signals and I (19F) don’t know if he wants to continue
Is my(22F) boyfriend(23M) a pedophile?
girlfriend [22F] constantly compares himself to my best mate's girlfriend [23F] and gets angry to the point she throws things at me [23M]
B
My Fiancè [31f] just ended things with me [31m] and I just feel totally lost and devastated.
Girlfriend (23f) of one week came to me (26m) with a love bite on her neck!
Is my bf (23M) a pedophile?
My GF (19F) wanted to take a break from me (19M)
Girlfriend(23f) came to me(26m) with a love bite on her neck!
I'm (28m) a software engineer, My boss (35m) said me to do it because I like it
My GF[19F] wanted to take a break to work on herself.
Sex or no sex?
I'm (28m) a software engineer, My boss (35m) said me to do it because I like it
This has to end.
Should I(f20) just break it off with him(m20)? I’m hitting my breaking point and I’m scared
Hair
Her[24F] work creates communication obstacles to us[27M].
I miss my best friend and need some advice on whether or not I should reach out to her
Is it possible to care to much?
Me [17 M] slept with my ex's [18 F] best friend [17 F] 1 month after the break up, is this morally justifiable?
Slept in my now ex-gf’s bed after she broke up with me
My boyfriend (M13) is starting to become more suicidal and I (F14) don't know what to do.
Best friend break up and need advice
I'm [28F] not sure if it's appropriate for me to reach out to my friend [34M] after he revealed he's going through a hard time
ROBOT VỆ SINH HỒ BƠI
Sudden unexpected intense love connection in people who know better? 34F/44M
I don’t understand why I’m still alone
Relationships rant
30M, Disabled guy, frustrated by my dating prospects
Morals, Dating and Sex
My(22f) boyfriend(27m) of 3 months is active on dating site
Communication issues between my girlfriend [F22] and I [M22]
Is it ok for me[16M] to ask my coworker [14F] for her phone number even if we don't socialize outside of work?
Relatiomship Separation Anxiety
Alone [M20]
I {F29) brought up an issue in our relationship to my friend {M34) and now I regret it because of his reaction.
30M I'm frustrated by the insurmountable odds of online dating
I (22f) contracted chlamydia from the guy (25m) I recently started dating.
I (23f) am having trouble reading a friend (22m) of 2.5 years who I might be developing a relationship with
My(22f) boyfriend(27m) of 3 months is active on dating site?
GF doesn't want to spend time with me holidays
My [22F] boyfriend [24] is addicted to Reddit
My girlfriend is getting married to an a**hole
I (23f) am having trouble reading a friend (22m) of 2.5 years that I’ve recently had sex with and am potentially developing a relationship with.
My ex [27] and I [27] ended up getting back in touch. He says he wants to be friends. Has he really changed?
Is it rude to stay at my [18F] boyfriend’s [20M] house often when he has a roommate [23M]?
Should I (F/19) leave my gf (F/21) for what she did to me tonight?
The facebook beef between me [21 F] and my friend [21 F] vs this couple [19 M, 22 F] has gotten out of hand, what can i do?
I [21m] am in love with my best friend [21f] who doesn't feel the same... Kinda.
I [23M] am feeling drained by me SO's [23F] depression. Also complicated feelings.
Me [26F] and my Father [60sM]. My Stepmother [60sF] was arrested, whole town knows. How do I address the elephant in the room?
Showing interest
Should I tell this guy’s (29M) girlfriend (??F) that he asked me (21F) for nudes?
[HAPPY UPDATE] How to cope with my [24F] SO [24M] deploying when I have no life outside of him.
Me (17M) and a girl (17F) recently met at school and want a relationship but my parents are strict about me having a relationship
I (20 year old male) lost my college friend group within a year. Considering transferring.
Wanting to date someone younger than you [21 M] [18 f]
(20F) My friend (24M) has feelings for me and I’m not sure if I reciprocate
I [20M] want to date this girl [21F] but she’s incapable of texting and I don’t see her too often. What do I do?
I (17M) don't know how to tell my parents about how I feel about this girl (17F) and how she feels about me.
अपनी मोहब्ब्त को अन्जाम दे अदालत की शादी (court marriage) के द्वारा|
I (20 M) Lost my friend group in college have no one now. Help
Curious
Should I tell this guy’s (29F) girlfriend (??F) he asked me (21F) for nudes?
I (24 F) can't find men other than my ex (24 M) attractive?
I [22M] met someone [37F], unexpectedly fell in love, and realized we can never be, in a span of 5 days. How do we go about it now?
I(21m) told this girl(20f) that I was into her and was rejected, and am now helping her into a relationship with one of my friends(21m) who may be gay.
Bisexual dating
A Healthy way to finally move on?
Me [27 M], looking for a new relationship
I[17M] found my former babysitter[24F] on facebook and masturbated to pictures of her. Afterwards I feel horrible, but can't stop. I also have a problem with a classmate[17F] who looks almost exactly like her.
Me [27F] with my partner [31 M], over three years, this just terrifies me
Convincing FWB, which is my EX-girlfriends sister, to go through with abortion
dating bisexual in us
Sexual jealousy and how to overcome it thoughts and advice please ?
My (25m) Girlfriend (24f) loves her cat more than me.
[32F] I've never experienced a close friendship and I'm hoping for some advice.
A guy [19m] was talking about me [19f] during class with his friend [20s m ] who kept looking backward at me. It was too distracting and uncomfortable.
I [28F] don't know when it's okay to post about bad hookups. What's the most extreme or awkward match y'all have had on a dating app? Not referring to only sexual meet and greets.
[M24]y girl friend [F21] act strangely after i think out loud with her that she might be pregnant .
Me (20F) interested in a guy (18M), is the age gap too much?
How can you figure out/realize personality flaws that may affect your ability to keep friends if no one tells you
My [F22] boyfriend [M24...i think?] is addicted to reddit
How to cope with heartbreak
A guy [19m] who is taking the same course as me [19f] was talking about me with his friend [20s m] during class. Everyone he talked to after that looked shocked and looked backward at me.
I (21f) like this guy(27f) who has a girlfriend?
How do I [20M] tell if she's [20F] using me?
I (21m) saw some snapchat messages that my s/o (19f) was sending to another guy about hanging out while i was in the car with her.
Is this just what chivalry and friendship is? [21 F]
Am I in an abusive relationship? Im [26M] with [21F]
Husband [30m] just left me after I [29f] had two miscarriages.
[32F] I've never experienced a close friendship and I don't have any idea where to start.
I [F20] think my brother [M31] is stuck in life.
My (F19) boyfriend (M22) told me he tells his friends he thinks he will marry me.
Me [31 M] with my GF [27/F]...I'm no longer excited to see my girlfriend.. I used to be head over heels, but for the last few months I genuinely can't remember when I felt excited about her coming home from work, or me going to see her.... What should I do?
How can I get Long distance bf to talk to me more?
I [29F] Just had my second miscarriage in 3 months, husband [30M] just left me to go to a hotel
Am I [26m] in an abusive relationship with my [21f] gf?
What are some hard rules about dating exclusively?
Am I (F20s) wrong to feel misled by him (M20s)?
A guy, taking the same course as me, was talking about me during class with his friend. Everyone he talked to after that looked shocked and looked backward at me.
My (24F) boyfriend (25M) will not stop checking out girls when he is with me.
Was I {34F} wrong for telling her {33F} the truth?
Guy I've[29F] been dating [29M] for just about 2 months did something weird and I'm not sure if it is a red flag or not.
Living the single life advice!
I [M22] asked this girl [F22] if she wants to get food with me sometime, and she replied with this...is it a good sign?
I (26M) am emotionally, but not sexually attracted to my (25F) gf of 1 yr. How do I end things nicely?
Can a relationship survive a breakup? Oxymoron?
My (F19) boyfriend (M22) said he tells his friends he thinks I'm the one he's going to marry.
Was I wrong for telling her the truth?
I [17M] am tired of everybody and I want to move on from my family and leave their lives
I (m24) kissed a best friend (f22) during a mental health crisis
I [M22] asked this girl [F22] if she wants to get food with me sometime, and she replied with this...is it a good sign?
Rejection by my boyfriend
I (28 F) met an incredible man (36 M) right before moving
Am I [16F] a love-bomber or just normally in love?
I (26) am slated to be placed on the deed of grandma's (82) home. But first have to deal with my dad's (50's) potential drug addiction, and my uncle's (50's) desire for the money from the house.
I [27F] feel too dependent on my bf [30M]
I [M21] sometimes have these episodes when I'm with my girlfriend [F21] that frankly leave me feeling crippled and broken.
Seriously thinking about leaving the father (22) of my child, but how? Im 22f
I (21M) have feelings for a taken (20F) friend who flirts with me
I want to tell my step dad that I feel like he’s my dad - want step parents’ advice (25f)
Hungup on loving someone that doesn't love me
My [21M] girlfriend [18F] is talking to her ex and lied about it
I [29F] can't stand my husband [31M] anymore and I can't figure out what happened.
I’m into this girl and wanna tell her I like her but don’t wanna ruin the relationship
I [M21] sometimes have these episodes when I'm with my girlfriend [F21] and it's frankly disabling and downright crippling.
I want to tell this girl I like her but don’t wanna ruin the relationship that we have now
My (15F) cousin (13F) has liked her best friend (14F) for 4 and 1/2 years, but her best friend upon finding out has awkwardly avoided her for a month
How to Respond to Toxic Friend?
My BF (28/M) gets annoyed by everything I (28/F) say lately. He makes fun of me when he makes me cry. Am I really that unbearable? Should I just give him space?
Boyfriend got upset at something I wanted to post
My (27f) LDR boyfriend (31m) doesn’t like telling people he has a girlfriend
I (18F) already feel tied down to someone (19M) I'm not in a relationship with.
How to tell if someone is interested
My (15F) cousin (13F) has liked her best friend (14F) for 4 and 1/2 years, but her best friend upon finding out has awkwardly avoided her for a month
I [25F] broke up with my boyfriend [27M] last week over disrespecting one of my boundaries and a gross habit, but now I miss him. Did I make a mistake?
I [25/M] told a lie over something incredibly pointless to my girlfriend [26/F]. How to proceed?
Loving someone
I [33F] need advice about my best friend's [33F] new boyfriend, I see some red flags, am I wrong?
I [28f] found a pearl earring on the floor of my husband's [27m] car. He said our daughter [8f] found it outside, and she said she's never seen it.
Am I (f24) being selfish by wanting to spend time with my girlfriend (f21) and her parents?
I love giving advice, and my friends love me for it, but its stessing me out!
My [23F] brother [17] won't help out my depressed sister [21] with small tasks.
I think my boyfriend (m25) is going to breakup with me (f22) this weekend, I don't know what to do.
I [25/M] lied to my girlfriend [26/F] over something incredibly stupid, how to proceed?
[23M] I'm a virgin and I lied to my gf [25F] about the number of sexual partners. I feel bad about it. Should I tell her the truth?
I [21/m] dont know how to comfort my girlfriend [28/f].
Does it matter?
I [20F] want to break up with my boyfriend [20M], but he keeps trying to fix things
Does anyone have any advice for myself [19M] white non-religious person who is dating a [19F] Muslim woman
I [21/m] dont understand how to console my girlfriend [28/f].
Why has he changed/ reprioritized?
My girlfriend (19f) just moved out and it’s been super hard for me (21m)
In A NOT Relationship
I [30/F] used to be very blunt, to the point of rudeness. I've softened over the years to the point that I can't stand up for myself. How to find a healthy balance?
Do I [M21] tell my close friend [22] I'm in love with her?
I(28M) am corious for outside opinions on my last relationship
Should I (27/f) end it after 5 dates with the guy (29/f) I'm dating?
I (21F) am thinking about breaking up with my boyfriend (21M) but we share all our friends.
I've (M 22) Been Faced With The Hardest Decision I've Ever Had To Make. Any And All Advice Is Appreciated
Does anyone have any advice for myself [19M] who is in a relationship with a [19F] Muslim woman.
Advice??? I [35 M] am interested in a woman but still in love with someone I can't have
Bf's (20m) has friends who dont like me and I'm begining to feel they want us to break
Is it ok the be jealous?
I[21M] have a huge crush on my close friend [21F] who is way out of my league
When do you choose yourself over a drug addict?
My mom [51f] recently found a guy around her age. They’ve been growing an ongoing relationship over text
I [29F] am single for really the first time in my adult life. How do I get over my marriage ending and learn to be alone?
My bf's friends may not seriously like me and are sharing pictures of women w him...
I (21F) noticed my boyfriend (25M) is attracted to young/younger looking girls.
My crush [24/F] has started parking her new truck in a new parking spot. Am I [23/M] overreacting?
My [42F] daughter [15F] is very talkative at home, but very quiet in public.
My [26M] wife [26F] revealed she hates sex and I'm not sure what to do
Is this emotional abuse?
I(23f)may get a lot of hate, but I'm open to advice and reasoning...I don't feel comfortable with my bf(25m) watching porn and I've expressed this to him. He promised he wouldn't watch any porn, but I discovered on his Reddit account that he had saved a few pics of girls from gonewild.
I (21F) noticed my boyfriend (25M) is attracted to barely legal girls or young looking girls.
How can I contact a therapist for my husband (m24) and I (f26) without having the police contacted?
Me [19M] with my depressed girlfriend [19F] unsure if I should breakup or not
Feeling slumped
(25M) The girl I'm in love with (24F) is getting married to someone else so now I have officially given up on life, and no attractive women like me because I'm obese and short. Any advice? Are my looks that ugly where no attractive woman will give me a chance? Never had a GF. Still a virgin.
My friend (M26) fucked up and I need to hear your opinion
My [26M] wife [26F] revealed she hates sex and I'm not sure what to do
I hate the holidays (52M) and want to be left alone
I [19M] and tired of dealing with my depressed girlfriend [19F] of 2 years and I feel guilty because of it
I (18F) feel like I don't deserve my lovely boyfriend (18M)
I [24F] complained too much about my insecurities to my boyfriend [28M]. Have I ruined the relationship?
I (33M) can’t tell if my current SO (33F) is over her divorcee.
me (19f) with friends (19m,20m,22m)
Don't know what to do-- should I end my 3 year relationship or fix it??
Have eczema on my penis, get weird anxiety/paranoia that I’m infecting my S/O with an STD...
Will he come back to me?
At what point is it okay, as an adult [f37], to call out your friends [F/M 20s and 30s] or tell them that they hurt your feelings?
Ex said seeing each other would "complicate things"...
I(24f) don't understand why my husband(24m) can "correct me" in public. But won't defend me.
Said seeing each other would "complicate things"....
How do you stop loving someone, who you know loves you, but doesn’t treat you the way they should?
Our relationship ended (24M/23F). Should it be this difficult?
Can someone explain to me what’s wrong with my age-gap relationship?
My (20) girlfriend (18) broke up with me over something stupid and it seems like she was already talking to someone else
I (19M) can't get over someone ( Long post )
My[20f] brutally honest boyfriend [21f] has a small obsession with his female friend and admitted to having sex with her
I (24F) don’t know what to get boyfriend (24m) for Christmas this year. What was the most memorable gift you’ve received?
I (20m) gave a former friend (29f) a shot at patxhing things up that she was begging for a month ago and she went after me and lied.
TL;DR; : Sibngle and 24
20f confuses about sex life with 20m
Single and 24
My best friend has depression and it is ruining his marriage. Advice?
At a loss with what to do with my (30m) 3 yr relationship with (33f)
Getting over someone while dating a new guy
I [25m]accidentally discovered my girlfriends[22f] porn history and it’s really bothered me.
Did I [22M] handle this situation properly with this girl [22F]?
Getting over someone while dating a new guy
Is my M(48) crush totally leading me F(34) on or is it a case of patience is the best virtue?
My [27M] girlfriend [24F] is terrified of change, even if it means leaving her abusive parents.
Boyfriend kissed another girl but we both want to stay together
Trust issues
Getting the girl I dumped a couple of years ago from her current boyfriend of 2 years
My [22F] boyfriend [24M] is very weird about his instagram around me. The things I do see seem kinda off.
My [20M] long distance girlfriend [20F] of three months blocked me on everything
Boyfriend says that cheating is about sex
He (40m) wants to move in together but doesn't talk to me (38f) regularly
Me and him are very different people.
I [29F] am starting to wonder whether I can be happy in a serious long-term relationship with my boyfriend [28M]
Pregnant [23F] with FWB [26M]'s baby and his joke with a friend that hurted me
Me and him are very different people.
How should you go about an ex that came back into your life?
Has anyone dated single parents?
Friend group insists on inviting person (26f) who has bullied us all to our vacation next year. I dont want her to join us and would prefer she's permanently excluded from our group.
My boyfriend told me tonight; literally word-for-word “Cheating is about sex”!
He (40m) doesn't talk to me regularly, but wants to move in together
Idk what I can say to make you wanna stay. All I can do is pray that you’ll be mine today in the sea of my chaotic array. I grant you my heart, though gushy and fray, it’ll protect you in every way.
I [29F] am starting to wonder whether I’m really happy or not with my boyfriend [28M]
I [17] need to break up with partner of six months [17] urgently. Is FaceTime acceptable in certain circumstance?
I (24M) made a pretty mistake with the girl (22F) i started dating recently
I [M25] might have to end my friendship with my best friend/ex-girlfriend [F25] and I'm scared as hell.
Friend Blocks Friends Ex Without Him Knowing
Me [20M] Her [20F] long distance, about 3 months. She disappeared out of nowhere
My 27m best friend 30m is Dating my ex 25f and I still love her.
How do you deal with a Queen Bee at work?
I (23F) confided in my boyfriend (28M) about past sexual experience and it turned ugly. Am I overreacting?
How should you go about an ex coming bqck into your life?
I [M25] think I might have to end my friendship with my best friend/ex-girlfriend [F25] and I'm scared.
I (24M) made a pretty mistake with the girl (22F) i started dating recently
My Friend Blocked His Friends Ex Without Him Knowing
Should I (18F) Fool Around With My Crush (20M) ?
I need help.
I [17M] am trying to break up with partner [17] with very limited options. Is FaceTime acceptable in certain circumstance?
(23F) Girlfriend doesn’t clip her toenails and it really grosses me (25M) out
Me (25f) navigating single life with a (31m) - dog + shitstorm ensues.
How should you go about an ex coming back into your life?
[deleted by user]
intentional move, mrs. steal-yo-man
17M friendship with a 13 year old girl
My (23F) ex (23M) slept with someone else while we were broken up and now wants to get back together
My girlfriend [23/F] is threatening to break up with me [24/M] because I'm intolerant of her beliefs.
Is breaking up over FaceTime appropriate in the right circumstance?
my girlfriend [26] lied to me [29] about sleeping with her friend
Should I (18) Fool Around With My Crush (20) ?
My [26F] boyfriend [33M] just sprung a fetish on me out of nowhere after six months and I don't know how I feel about it.
In love with my husband but think about my ex sometimes?
I (26m) want to finally end it with my (27f) long distance girlfriend.
My [25/f] boyfriend [26/m] might be diagnosed with cancer and has other life threatening health problems he was recently diagnosed with that he can't afford. I need advice.
(25M) The girl I'm in love with (24F) is getting married to someone else so now I have officially given up on life, and no attractive women like me because I'm obese and short. Any advice? Are my looks that ugly where no attractive woman will give me a chance?
intentional move, mrs. steal-yo-man
My co-worker (40F) read my (27F) emails without permission, then forwarded them to my boss (40F)
Me [26F] saw a facebook friend [26M] who's in a relationship on a dating app.
My (27m) best friend (30m) is dating my ex (25f) and I am In love with her. Should I tell her?
I (26m) want to break up with my long distance girlfriend (27f) of 7 years.
My [25/f] boyfriend [26/m] of 7 years has been diagnosed with some life threatening health conditions. I really need some advice.
I (18F) just found out I was cheated on by my (21F) girlfriend. What do I do now?
My [23M] girlfriend [25F] have been together for 7 months and nothing sexual has happened, or anything close. How do I approach this subject gracefully?
Don't know what to do (F30) with (M30)
Partners Mum is completely ignoring me
Co-worker (40F) read my (27F) emails without my permission and forwarded them to my boss
How do I deal with sexless relationship?
My (40M) SO (40F) bought an AR15 and didn’t tell me and now I’m extremely concerned
My boyfriend [22M] started mentioning marriage in a more serious context and I [22F] do not know how to react.
How to Define the Relationship?
I (18F) just found out I was cheated on by my (20F) girlfriend.
My [23M] girlfriend [25F] and I have been together for 7 months without doing anything sexual. How do I take the next step?
Things getting serious w/ friend's daughter. How to tell him?
I (23F) confided in my boyfriend (28M) about past sexual experiences and it turned ugly. Am I over reacting?
My (17M) girlfriend’s (17F) mom found out that I vaped. Now her Mom is mad with me. Help!
I (18M) don't know why my GF (18F) is so upset about this- need a second opinion
My [25m] ex gf (also my forever best friend[26F]) making me feel like shit for not doing things I was willing to do for her when we were together.
Me [28F] likes [27 M] who lives states away
How do I [21F] talk to him [21M] about how he never seems to want to do things with me?
(24M) im sick and my gf (22F) wants me to try traditional chinese pills (SCAM)
I (18M) can't understand why my GF (18F) is so upset about this - need a second opinion
I[19M] am seriously doubting my relationship with my girlfriend[20F]
I[22M] think I like my close friend[25F] and I need those feelings to go away.
(24M) im sick and my gf (22F) wants me to try traditional chinese pills (SCAM)
I (22M) get disgusted after I have one night stands
Me [37 M] with my GF [31 F] 4 months, Cheating is unconscionable, what about being accused?
My "friend" likes my boyfriend
Me [00 M/F] with my ___ [00 M/F] duration, short-description;text
My 2 married friends like me. Their wives didn't know. I am the fifth wheel.
I dropped things with a girl I dated, she didn't take it well and is now hinting she's pregnant and has blocked me?
My "friend" likes my boyfriend
I need help navigating a bday dinner party with my boyfriend and an obnoxiously salty and toxic ex hookup.
I'm [26F] pretty sure my husband [28M] of 5 years is bi.
Should I stay or should I go?
I (26F) found a dildo and viagra in his (32M) hiding spot
Me [22M] with my GF[26F] Tells me she has been crying all day because of me then blocks all communications with me
I'm (30F) having a hard time deciding if our (M29) relationship has run it's course or if this is just all in my head, but I don't feel loved and it's really making me question what's my fault and what isn't
I need some friends!😔
I dropped things with a girl I briefly dated, she didn't take it well and is now hinting she's pregnant and has blocked me?
I [24F] want to stay friends with [24M] but can we just be friends?
High school sweethearts out there? I need your help
I need help navigating a bday dinner party with my boyfriend and an obnoxiously salty ex hookup
Never wanted a Relationship
I've [28/F] been angry at my bf [30/m] lately. How do I tell him why?
I [22F] am getting a divorce to my [21F] wife, is it the right decision?
I [18f] have been in a toxic relationship with my bf [18m]. Has anyone else been in one and how did you recover from it?
My (30F) “best friend” (29f) is a terrible person. How do I cut her off without making her mad? Help!
My (19F) bf (20M) is great but I'm losing feelings
Someone I dated and dropped things with around month ago has hinted at me she is pregnant, then blocked me?
It really annoys me (25F) that my boyfriend (31M) plays World of Warcraft every chance he gets.
My [24M] friend [28F] got drunk and said "I love you" to me.
Should I (25F) be upset with my boyfriend (25M)?
My [43F] Husband [48M] wants me to fart and defecate on him, is this something people do?
Is wrong of me [21F] to not give my ex [20M] his stuff back?
How to Move on After Long Term Relationship
[F/23][M/23] My girlfriend doesn't want me to watch porn, and i'm not okay with it.
Me [20F] reconciled with an ex. [22M] boyfriend would feel more comfortable with us not talking.
Should I (25f) be upset with my boyfriend (25m)?
My [23f] girlfriend [23f] is planning to stay the night with her ex [25f] of 6 years and tells me its not a big deal.
My [32F] husband [30m] and I still struggle to communicate after 10 years
I get really nervous/sad when I think about my girlfriend. [13M]
I[24f] think I have feelings for my[25f] long-time[13yrs] friend's[22f] girlfriend
What do I do if my mom adopts my girlfriend?
I [22F] think I fell out of love with my BF [25M] of 4 years.
My wife
I need some friends😔
My [23f] girlfriend [23f] is going to be staying the night with her ex[25f] of 6 years and doesn't see it as a big deal
Is dating your best friend's ex bad?
Me [27M] broke up with ex [27f] and soon after started dating a woman from work [25F]. I broke up with [25F] because I wasn't over [27F] and now I find myself in a tough situation and need help.
I [21m] dont want to go to my girlfriends [22f] family's early thanksgiving function.
My ex is back in the picture and hasn't told me he has herpes now
I (20F) am finally actually truly happy
I left my psychological abusive relationship and stumbled upon the complete opposite and past abuse is making me self destructive
My ex is back, and hasnt told me he has herpes yet.
My [19f] ex [19m] is making things extremely difficult and I don't know what to do
Friend bailed on 5 months abroad.
I [21m] told my girlfriend [22f] I dont want to go to her family's thanksgiving thing this sunday.
I [13M] always get nervous/sad when I think about my girlfriend.
How do I [21 F] distance myself from a “friend” [22 F] without destroying our friend group?
Low Sex Drive in partner possibly due stress and anxiety, How to bring it up?
Just found out something from my gf(24) about me(25) would like some advise please. I seem stuck
Friend bailed on 5 months abroad.
My [25M] girlfriend [24F] posts sexy pictures online
I [21m] dont like going to my girlfriends [22f] grandmas house and they're doing a thanksgiving thing this sunday. I said I dont wanna go and now we've been fighting I need advice.
My [22f] boyfriend [22m] has anxiety and history of depression
My current gf hooked up with one of my friends back in high school. I didn’t think about it at first, but now it’s freaking me out
I (24/F) broke up with my SO (24/M) of over a year last weekend. I'm looking for advice/different point of views on my situation.
You tried it!!
My Sister is Emotionally Abusive
I [42F] have a question for Divorced Men [53M]
Am I doomed to never have another chance with him?
Will I regret breaking up?
I [13M] always get nervous/sad when I think about my girlfriend.
I(16F) have blocked him(16m) twice. What do I do...?
I (24/F) broke up with my SO (24/M) of over a year last weekend. I'm looking for advice/different point of views on my situation.
I (19/m) feel like my girlfriend (19/f) doesn't truly love me. Am i just being paranoid?
My current gf hooked up with one of my friends back in high school, and now it’s freaking me out
I [45m] want to re purpose our late daughter's room, but fear my wife [41f] will be hurt if I tell her. What should I do?
LD relationship blocking, what should I do? (16F)me (16M) Him
My boyfriend [22m] stops whatever he was doing whenever I [22f] come near him.
What do I do?
I [M20] made out with my friend [F20] from college while she was quite drunk, and I wasn't, it was consensual but I don't know how to feel.
Does my girlfriend (19f) really love me? (19m) Or is she just together with me for the sake of being together?
My gf[21/F] does webcam shows for fun and I[22/M] don’t know why
I (21F) snooped and discovered what might be a breach of trust on the part of boyfriend (26 M)
I(16F) blocked him(16m) twice, should I unblock him, or am I a bad person?
The feeling of falling in love scares me, I’m 23 and I love my boyfriend but I have my concerns
Me [46 M] with my Wife [41 F] 1 year, finances
Just found some news on how my gf(24) sees me (25) and our relationship. Would like some advise please
My life coach/friend (28F) is dating my soon to be ex-husband (37M)?
My [23M] FWB [31F] is pregnant. There is a strong possibility that it's mine. Her husband [35M], who I just learned existed, has no idea.
My wife and I [both 35] fell in love with another couple [33 & 38]. How to make this relationship successful?
What do I do?
Thoughts on "no co-workers / office romance" policy?
I [M20] made out with my friend [F20] while she was drunk and I wasn't, don't know how to feel.
Heyo! My bf(22) and I( 22f) have nothing to do
My [21M] girlfriend [21F] says her feelings for me faded but she doesn't want to break up
I know it’s soon to talk about Christmas, but do you get someone a gift that you’ve only been dating for a few months? Also what gifts are good for guys?
I (16F) blocked him(16M) twice but I still like him
I feel stuck in my (26F) long term relationship with my bf(30M)
My wife and I [both 35] fell in love with another couple [33 & 38]. How to make this relationship successful?
What do I do?
Ex [28 M] interrupted my [25 F] conversation with someone and excluded me from their talk. What would you have done?
Will I regret breaking up?
My [32F] husband [30m] and I still struggle to communicate after 10 years
I [M20] don't want to reconnect with my old best-friend at all.
ANY WOMEN OUT THERE WHO SPANKS THEIR MAN!
Am I a toxic girlfriemd??
I (26F) don't know where I stand anymore in my long term relationship with my boyfriend (30M)
How do I (22F) forgive my boyfriend (26m) for emotional cheating?
I regret breaking up with my boyfriend even though my guts are telling me the opposite.
Girlfriend webcam shows
What do women think about men who want a woman to spank him!
I [27] just found out the guy[27] I’m talking to is polyamorous
I (24f) made a drunk mistake and never told my SO (29m)
How should I (28M) feel about my GF (27F) searching another guy's Facebook over and over?
My [20F] "friend" went cold on me
What women think about men who want to be spanked by a woman!
Boyfriend's brother interrupting our lives
Saw a beautiful waitress at a kebab place and now I can’t stop thinking about her.
How I learned to deal with a hyper-critical father
I [19F] broke up with my [19M] boyfriend because I am no longer happy. He's too comfortable.
Overbearing/Controlling solution?
Boyfriend [22M] of over two years won’t tell me [22F] the passcode to his phone
Snooped, found what I was looking for, now what?
My (28f) boyfriend (31m) suffers from depression and anxiety and wants to break up with me
My (19F) bf (20M) is great but I feel like I'm losing my feelings for him.
She went cold
My (28f) boyfriend (31m) suffers from depression and anxiety and wants to break up with me.
[24M] + [20F] Moving to a new location put a big strain on our relationship.
I [22m] went on a date with a girl [22f] who said she wasn't ready to date, but now it seems like she is flirting.
Should I drop my best friend?
I [44M] kicked my daughter's [16F] door open because she was freaking out about her aunt's [49F] illness. She got hurt and is mad at me. How can I help her?
Am I self destructive
Could a (42M) be mean to a (25F) because he likes her?
How to stop shakiness?
[deleted by user]
This girl [early 20sF] in is tearing our DND group apart [20sM]
My boyfriend [26M] refuses to go to therapy with me [24F]
I [24F] need some advice on how to quit my job of 2 years.
Why am I( 20F) so obsessed with finding love?
Do I (30f) talk to my boyfriend (30m) about his tendency to be impatient/short with people especially if he doesn’t particularly like them.
Am I self-destructive
Dealing with Parents who Criticize: Narcissistic Relationships
Could a man be mean to a girl because he likes her?
[21M] Overly obsessing over wanting to ask girl out, it has been very annoying
Why am I so obsessed with finding love?
My [24M] girlfriend [24F] never comes out with our group of friends. She's now upset none of them are taking time off for her birthday.
Is he a liar and a cheat or am I overreacting?
My bf [31/M] and I [30/F] might spend a year apart: is this a terrible idea?
Can a bad sex life end a relationship?
Guys...If You Wanna Impress Your S.O.s Family, Wear One of THESE Outfits This Holiday Season.
I get anxious [M22] that my partner [F18] will end up getting sick of me even though we're in a perfectly happy relationship
Do I [M/22] have to accept the fact that all girls my age drink a lot?
My (21F) boyfriend (22M) talks in accents he doesn’t have.
Me [28 M] with my GF [30 F] of 4 years, need to decide if I'm staying with her long term or not; how much is too much with respect to relationship work and where is the threshold of sacrifices / bad-traits you should accept in someone?
Couple Pics While Traveling
I’ve never been single before and I don’t know how to be my own person (22/f)
[REPOST] Dad doesnt want me to date my gf (both 25yr old)
I (27F) like a gay guy (34M), and there are signs that he likes me, too, but I don’t want to assume bcos he’s gay. Do you think a gay guy can ever genuinely like a girl?
Please help. my (33 M) girlfriend is mentally pushing me over the edge (30 m) Is there diagnosis for this
What is your personal idea of a ‘perfect relationship’
Need advice on how I [31M] should approach discussing future children's last names with my fiancee [29F].
Don't wait for others to complete you.
Broke up and now he wants to propose
Couple Pics While Traveling
How do I [22F] ask my BF [22M] to talk?
I think I need to break up with my girlfriend.
Girlfriend webcam shows
I (27F) like this guy (34M). He’s my boss, and he’s gay. I have a feeling there’s a chance he likes me, too. Do you think a gay guy can ever genuinely like a girl?
I 22f get upset whenever my bf 25m goes out without me
Don't wait for others to complete you.
My partner has checked into a mental hospital for the 3rd time this year.
Girlfriend lying of trying to help my insecurities
My [24F] boyfriend [28M] has been acting a little weird lately. Is he going to propose?
SO has hard time making friends
I 22f am having issues accepting that my bf has more friends than me and making me resentful
Is Facebook searching another guy constantly something for me to worry about (28M) with GF 27F?
Girlfriend webcam shows
My girlfriend of almost three years just told me she that while she still loves me, she doesn’t know if she wants to be in a relationship anymore. I’m absolutely at a loss on what to do.
My[15M] friend[16M] of a few years always talks about how shit his life is but he wont tell me why.What can i do to help him?
Should I [27m] tell my roommate that I have feelings for her or let it go? [28f]
My boyfriend didn’t do anything for our anniversary, should I take this as a hint?
Remember to love yourself
My [22F] long distance boyfriend [22M] is really distant when we are apart. What should I do?
Is Facebook stalking another guy a red flag for me (28M) and my Gf (24F)?
Is it too late?
my ex-gf (20F) called me (22m) out of the blue saying she misses me and wants to hangout soon, but she has a new BF. Should I?
I (22/M) sometimes get the feeling that my friends, loved ones, acquaintances are out to get me/trying to fuck me over. Help?
Me (29/F) Sick of my Live-In Boyfriend (31/M) Not Doing His Share!!!!
I [19F] am afraid of my boyfriend’s [22M] father
I [27M] started dating a good friend [26F] of mine. She recently voiced uncertainty due to developing a crush on a regular customer of hers.
Sometimes it's just too late?
I [27M] have recently began dating a good friend [25F]. She revealed uncertainty due to a crush on a refular customer of her.
Can't get it up when it really matters
Aloof SO (early 20s M & F)
Me (F/29) Sick of boyfriend (M/31) not doing his share!!!!
Im unhappy how men treat women. And im a guy.
My girlfriend (25F) says she doesn't want to be close to me (24M) because she's not good enough for me.
I am afraid of my [19F] boyfriend’s [22M] dad
I [23F] feel like my girlfriend [24F] dislikes that I’m bisexual
Should I (20M) ghost my girlfriend (19F)? Parents are pissing me off.
My [26 M] girlfriend [25 F] and I are worried about having sex for the first time. Help a couple virgins out?
Super sloppy and clingy girlfriend(F24) Feelings changing a bit, i love her but should I(M24) ask for some space?
I [34F] am concerned my boyfriend [30M] doesn't know what he wants
Aloof SO
Should I just ghost my (20M) current girlfriend (19F)? Parents are pissing me off
I've (F52) lost my husband (M56) and I want him back.
Completely unhappy in my current group of friends (17M).
My (20) GF (19) seems to have no interest in meeting my friends or family
Should I (39f) ask my ex (37m) and his new wife (30-something) to grab coffee with me?
I(40m) met an amazing woman (36f) but I think I blew it. Should I just move on or try again in a week?
Online Dating Ups
My [31M] boss [35M] just made me aware I’m not well liked at work - specifically stating because of my personality, not work reasons. How do I move past this?
I(40m) really like this woman (36f) but I think I may have blown my chances. Should I just move on?
My [24F] love life is a mess, what should I do?
I [18F] got scared of my boyfriend [19M] today. What do I do?
My [34/F] Boyfriend [41/M] lied to me about brother getting into accident when I tried to break up with him. What do I do?
How to [F29]ask him[M29] questions [sex related] without making the situation worse?
My [23F] mom [50F] insists I bring my brother [26M] when I go places with my boyfriend [24M]
Neither my boyfriend (29m) nor I (26f) know where we will be in the near future, making long distance even harder. How long can long distance last without knowing when we will be in the same place?
I (24M) am in a difficult position with an E-girl (24F)
Guy (24M) I (24F) was seeing says he is confused
Would you ever run a small business with your SO? Why or why not?
My [24m] girlfriends [24f] eating habits are bad. I’ve tried everything but nothing’s working.
Polyamorous Redditors, what got you into it? How much different is it really from monogamy?
Love and Permanence
Boyfriend (M17) falls asleep every time he watches RuPaul's Drag race with me (18F)
Neither my boyfriend (29m) nor I (26f) know where we will be in the near future, making long distance even harder. How long can long distance last without making definite plans to be together in the same place?
Guy (24M) I (24F) was seeing says he is confused
Should I [28/M] let the woman I am dating [26/F] who is a OBY/GYN resident examine my penis after I suspect she gave me an STD?
My(F24) friend(M31) got involved with my roommate(F21) before moving across the country and they had a genuine great connection. But now I don’t think she’s being honest with him. Do I intervene?
How do I [29M] stop being jealous of my wife[35F]?
To the women of Reddit. If you do spank your man, why do you do it! and what about it do you like!
Love and Permanence
What to do if my girlfriend only ever remembers the bad things i have done and gets angry at me because of it all the time?
How do I deal with “in laws” that are generally really negative and should I rethink my relationship ?
Hey Thrownawayacc4323, I still had advice for you!
My [22F] boss [40's M] has been negging me
I've lost my husband and I want him back
Do Long Distance Relationships Work?
Please let me know if I am overreacting...
A guy (30M) blocked me (25F) on f.whatsup
Do long distance relationships work?
I [31M] want to get back with my ex [28F] but she recently slept with one of my best friends.
It's Love Fest Friday!
A guy (30M) blocked me (25F) on f* whatsup
My girlfriend [20F] is okay having two random dudes dog her down.
My [27M] dad [52M] mistreats my sister [16F]. How can I support her?
How much trust would you have?
My [30F] life situation in a city I’m not 100% comfortable with is making it hard for me to date [34M] without feeling nuts
My (35F) husband (40M) is going on a family vacation without me.
I [19F] feel like my parents [40sF/50sM] treat me and my sister [9] differently from our other sister [12]
I (21F) am getting slightly creeped out by my coworker (33M)
I [18/M] am struggling to process a breakup.
The “But” spouse not “Butt” spouse
My [20F] girlfriends is okay having two random dudes dog her down.
I [17 m] still have feelings for my Ex [17 f] but she has gone back to her ex
Did your [F25+] dating standard change since teens and early 20s? 20M and can't find a girlfriend
How to make my husband (29M) understand that love can't fix the trauma I (28F) was given as a child when I was sexually abused.
Girlfriend [23F] getting hit on and I [19M] dont know how to feel.
(18) male Want to be able to talk about women,drugs and sex or whatever you want ? Well here’s the place just for that! :) link to chat room down below!
Girlfriend [23F] getting hit on, I dont know how to feel [19M].
My ex-boyfriend severely psychologically abused me and destroyed my mental health. Do I let him get away with it?
How can I know if a marriage with SO with fetish can last?
My (25F) dad found my (26 M) vaporizer at our house and is not happy
I [28F] have 2 dogs that my husband [30M] refuses to be involved with
I (F19) am confused by this guy's (M19?) actions.
MY dad doesn't like my GF because she's not rich
How to Define the Relationship?
issues with friends
How to define the relationship
Guy (29M) i (38F) dated never texted first but keeps asking me out when i reach out to him
issues with friends
Extrovert navigating introverts
Couples who live together, how do you best share costs?
What do make of men who don't text first?
I might have cheated on my ex but I’m not quite sure that I did
My [20 F) boyfriend [22 M] doesn't want me learning self defense.
Is it wrong for me [38 M] to want to leave a perfectly good relationship with my girlfriend [36 F]?
I think I might have cheated on my ex but I’m not sure.
My boyfriend doesn't want me to learn self defense.
Second chance?
getting over an ex
Got dumped 3 times by same girl.
I(26f) denied my husband (27m) sex this morning. NSFW?
Falsely Accused of 'Inappropriate Behavior' at Uni Flat- What to Do?
My ex-boyfriend severely emotionally abused me for months and destroyed my mental health. Do I let him get away with it?
How can I [22M] get my former roommate / friend [22M] to accept anything - food, gifts, help, advice - given to him without making him feel like a burden?
Me[27F] and my boyfriend [29M] have never had intercourse
My (23, F) boyfriend (27, AS and Bi-polar) has started having public outburts/tantrums
My [19M] Girlfriend [21F] has gotten extremely overweight in a short time, and I have zero sexual attraction to her. She has gotten extremely unhealthy due to her laziness, and looks disgusting now. How do I get her to lose weight without her getting annoyed at me?
Is it wrong to for me [37 M] to want to leave a perfectly good relationship [36 F]?
[deleted by user]
My [33m] now ex gf [25f] exchanged numbers with a guy at a club and has started dating him
I [20 M] had my first fight with the girl [20 F] im currently seeing now for just over 3 weeks. We both discussed it the following day and she felt this was uncomfortably early to have a fight like this. TL;DR (had a fight early in relationship, need advice moving forward)
Have you ever needed to track your sexual life for health or fun purposes?
I (27F) want to tell my parents (40sF, 50sM) that they've hurt my feelings but none of us are skilled in communicating
My [33m] (now ex) gf [25f] exchanged numbers with a guy at a club
My crush [24/F] didn't say anything to me after work today. Am I [23/M] overreacting?
[UPDATE] How can I [19f] talk to him [20m] about our sex life?
My ex-boyfriend severely emotionally abused me for months and destroyed my mental health. Do I let him get away with it?
I am (35m) have no g friend.
I[22] feel like my GF [22] is just using me.
I love my girlfriend but...
What can I [M, 28] do to get back in touch with my [F,25] ex that I still love, 4 years on?
I (20F) had a fight with my boyfriend (21M) which ended worse than I thought.
My ex boyfriend severely psychologicaly abused for months. Do I let him get away with it?
I'm (14M) secretly dating my sisters(16F) best friends(16F) little sister(14F). I need help on telling them.
So I'm not really sure if I want to break up with my girlfriend or not, warning for a long text.
My [30] wife [31] of 2 months has been psychologically abusive towards me and blames it on her baggage, anxiety, stress, etc. What should I do?
My (30F) boyfriend (29F) kicked me out of his house and wants to try no contact for a month to see if he can figure out if he can give me what I need
My gf [31/F] didn't offer me [38/M] a birthday present. How should I react?
I’m (29F) worried our holiday in Australia will be ruined by her (29F) constant worrying about her being eaten by something
My [22M] GF [23 F] of a year, withheld the fact that her colleague has been making moves on her. Continues to hang out with him
Guys, why did you stay?
My [28] boyfriend [29] becomes furious when I ask about him cheating and shames me for wanting details or feeling bad about it Relationships
My [28] boyfriend [29] becomes furious when I ask about him cheating and shames me for wanting details or feeling bad about it
What can I [M, 28] do to get back in touch with my [F,25] ex that I still love, 4 years on?
Girlfriend webcam shows
I [25F] started dating this guy [27M] who may be TOO close to his family?
My SO of five years cheated on me to end our relationship and the aftermath has been confusing.
How to deal with a relationship that just leaves you feeling trapped without absolutely breaking her heart?
I'm [F28] stuck living with my ex [M27] who dumped me two weeks ago - he just brought someone back and had sex with them while I was home, and is telling me it's unreasonable to be upset.
My SO of five years cheated on me to end our relationship. I'm having trouble putting it behind me correctly.
How do I balance everything as a working mom?
The girl next door long distance style.
I spend only 14 hours with him and I can not get him off of my mind. It’s 4 years now. We couldn’t exchange numbers and i can’t find him anymore. I need real help to find him. Below is the story.
I (M31) am thinking about ending a 12 year relationship with my SO (F29)
How can I [22F] ask out a guy [22M] from my class without coming off as weird because of my social anxiety?
I [25m] accidentally told the girl I’m dating [22f] that I didn’t find her attractive but really I do!
I [25m] accidentally told the girl I’m dating [22f] that I didn’t find her attractive but really I do!
I [23F] feel like my girlfriend [24F] dislikes the fact that I’m bisexual
Wtf is a Bluetooth Security Folder
SO appreciation thread
Name 1 thing you want in your life in 2019?
I [20 M] have been seeing a girl [20 F] for just over 3 weeks now and we had our first fight last night. The fight was dumb and entirely my fault and i apologized and owned up to it the following day. After discussing it we both still felt upset about but her more than me.
At my wits end (24F) with my partners drinking (27M)
My [30F] Fiance [25M] is like two people and I never know who I'll get
I've declined to invite my brother to my wedding and it's confusing my family
did accepting an expensive gift make me wrong?
My [30F] Fiance [25M] makes me feel as though nothing I do is good enough
How do I (22F) prevent baggage from ruining a possible relationship with a guy (25m) I recently started dating?
How do you prevent baggage from ruining a new relationship?
My bf(M22) is starting to make me (f20) upset. Relationship of 10 months.
Is Cristiano Ronaldo getting ready to walk down the aisle?
She always asleep during conversation
My [18/M] secret crush [23/F] from the other side of the planet just told me she has a crush on me, but I'm not up for this.
My boss [27M] expects me [23F] to help him find a relationship.
my [21f] gf is confused with her sexuality [27m] need relationship advice!
1st time posting 🙃
My [28] boyfriend [29] says he does not love me and never will as he can't love, what should I do?
My (F 20) boyfriend (M 20) is complaining that I don’t initiate sex or romantic stuff. Or is there a deeper reason? *NSFW*
My [28] boyfriend [29] says he does not love me and never will as he can't love.
My [28] boyfriend [29] says he does not love me and never will as he can't love.
My boss (26M) expects me to help find him a relationship (23F)
my [21f] gf is confused with her sexuality [27m] need relationship advice!
If I go crazy , will you still call me superman?
When did you realize it was time to break up with your SO?
I [22F] want to move in with my bf [26M] but my religious mother said she will stop talking to me
girlfriend is confused with sexuality - relationship advice!
My (24F) boyfriend (26M) is secretive about messages from his previous girlfriends and says it's for my own benefit
In a tough relationship
I [18M] have a crush on another guy [20M], but I'm not sure if he feels the same way. I need some advice.
My [18/M] secret crush [23/F] from the other side of the planet told me she has a crush on me
My mother swore she won't talk to me ever again if I move in with my bf- help!
Not sure if this relationship is healthy and its my fault
My (24F) boyfriend (26M) is secretive about his messages from previous girlfriends and claims it's for my own benefit
A Crush Dilemma
Wanting to move in with my boyfriend but mother threatens to disown me
Husband swore at me over hockey?? Am I the crazy one?
I [20M] was just dumped last night after 1 year and 7 months of dating and living together with my GF[18F]. I wasn't given a reason, but I have a few suspicions... Should I figure out the cause and work for better myself for the next girl?
Why am I (26F) so attracted to people I don't want to date?
My (16/f) friend (17/f) of three years has started doing drugs at school and hanging out with a "dodgy crowd" on the weekends. I don’t know whether to keep trying to help her or cut her off completely.
I [24F] am an anxious person and don’t know what to do about pseudo-relationship [~3mo] with [33M]
Why am I (26F) so attracted to people I don't want to date?
ĐÈN LED ĐỔI MÀU CH HỒ BƠI
My [25F] boyfriend [27M] said he is giving up on me and his dad after something very trivial. Should I even continue to be with him?
He (26M) spends time with me, lets me sleep over, we (23F) have sex, and can be affectionate. But he doesn't text me other than to make plans, and he is too care free about me. Is he just using me, or do I need to give him more time before trying to commit?
I [31M] kind of miss my ex girlfriend [F24] to an extent. However I am happy with how my life is now in comparison to before... The inner turmoil is strong!
My friends (16/17F’s) and I (17F) are all doing a kris kringle and I am not going to be able to afford it.
Anxiety building distance
My (23M) girlfriend (18F) of six months said that she flirts with guys at work. Is that normal or should I be worried?
Anniversary Greeting
My (23M) girlfriend (18F) said that she flirts with guys at work. Is that normal or should I be worried?
Invited my gf and her parents (22F) to my birthday (23M) after 5 months of dating. Was it too soon?
I [30/f] have found myself in a big sister relationship with a 20 year old woman
Invited my (22F) gf and her parents to my (23M) birthday
Left Toxic relationship and now in the complete opposite, but I am slowly destroying it
Close to moving in: turns out he’s taking naked selfies in the park
What should I do to repair the relationship between my aunt (60F) and my mom (55F)?
I [20M] want to understand if my brother [30M] abused me
Are you thankful for your ex?
Left a toxic relationship and happened upon the complete opposite, but & I am slowly destroying it.
I [20M] want to understand if my brother [30F] physically abused me
What should I do to repair the relationship between my mother and my aunt
I [30M] don’t have any close male friends
I [30sF] need help trying to understand what a coworker's [30sM] intentions are
Do me (22F) and my boyfriend (23M) have a healthy sex life or is it sexually excessive?
My (20F) fiance (23M) doesn’t want anything to do with our relationship on social media and I’m getting tired of it.
My girlfriend [17M] found out her grandpa [67M] got diagnosed with leukemia
I snuck onto a property with friends to go ghost hunting, got caught and my parents/I was fined $5000. Is there a way to make them trust me again?
Can't tell if I (25M) have a roommate (25M) who's taking advantage of me or if I'm overthinking
My husband (30M) and I (29F) split expenses 50/50, and we can't agree on the best method of budgeting. Student loans are not helping the situation.
Can't tell if I (25M) have a controlling/shitty roommate (24 M) or if I'm overthinking
I (30M) have been having an affair for over a year with a coworker (36F).
I (22/f) in a biking accident, broke my ribs. Boyfriend (26/m) is annoyed with me for needing emotional support from him.
I [25F] asked my partner [30m] something and he got upset, what should I tell him?
Do me (22F) and my boyfriend (23M) have a healthy sex life or is it too sexually excessive?
I [20M] have been talking to this girl [20] for a few months now and I still get very nervous when it comes to her
Jealous of my bfs past f23 m24
My (18F) mom and stepdad (40M, 40F) always compare my little siblings (12F, 14M) and I to my big brother (20M).
HELLPPP!
I [20M] has been talking to this girl [20F] for a while, and I get very nervous
Girlfriends grandpa got diagnosed with leukemia
New guy (29M) that I'm (22F) talking to said something concerning tonight on the phone. What should I do?
For people that have cheated: Why?
How normal is it for me [18M] to have never been on a date?
I (21F) feel irrationally uncomfortable integrating my boyfriend (21M) into my family life.
I(20f) have no flirting skills and don't know what to do in this situation to get to talk to this guy(20m)
I (F/19) am confused by this guy's (M/19? maybe a bit older) actions.
I [22M] have a wonderful partner [21F) who unfortunately gets triggered by sex.
My (29F) best friend (30F) has turned into a complete flake and gone quiet since I got married
My gf (19f) is acting sketch and I (21m) dont know how to react
How many times can you forgive a cheater?
I (15M) went to a party and got intimate with my best friends sister (14F). Should I attempt to turn it into a relationship?
Found out my mom has been cheating on my dad. What should I do now ? Please help !
Not sure if gf (19f) is being shady or I (21m) am overreacting
Is it ethical to ask your partner to remove people off facebook just because they don't like them?
How do I (22M) stop running back to a toxic relationship?
I (20M) have grown to resent somebody (20F) I've loved for a year and a half and I hate myself for it.
Should I message the "other woman" to find out the truth?
Holiday Conundrum
Extrovert Navigating Introverts
I [24F] told my mother [53F] that I was asexual
UPDATE: Cant't shake bad feeling about Me [21 M] and my girlfriend's [22 F] relationship of 5 months.
I (24m) want to split expenses 50-50 with my SO (24f) so I can return to school, she refused.
How can I [25F] talk my mom [60F] down from her panicking about the smoke and trying to convince me to bolt?
I (23F) would like to be friends with my ex (21F) but she’s been judgmental and a bit possessive. I’m feeling trapped.
Holiday Conundrum
I [22f] avoid talking to my grandparents because missing them triggers my depression and anxiety.
For a full week my mother spoke nothing but jibberish
Girlfriend (19F) and I (19M) had a huge argument and now she is seriously unhappy.
My [16 F] weed usage is causing major problems with my boyfriend [16 M]
I [23M] think my parents is somewhat hindering me from meeting new people and friends
My (25f) boyfriend (28m) and I have never had sex during our a almost 1 year relationship
I [16 F] might have truly crossed the line with my boyfriend [16 M].
I [17 m] still have feelings for my Ex [17 f] but i cant tell her how i feel
Should I change who I hang out with because of my girlfriend?
To those who have found the one
My (27f) SO (28m) is having some issues with a previous broken engagement
I [17m] recently broke up with my gf [17f] and i still have a lot of feelings for her but shes gine back to her ex
I [16 F] might have truly crossed the line with my boyfriend [16 M].
There’s more to worry about
Single dad (22m), girlfriend of 1.5 years (24f) trouble.
Not sure if should be worried
My roommates girlfriend texts my other roommate to check up on him
Fucking
Boyfriend says he wants to commit when he doesn’t.
How do I stop caring about my friend's life deicisions so much?
Ideas on helping my [27m] girlfriend [25f] be more comfortable and open sexually?
Girlfriend [26] figured out I [26] was going to propose on vacation... Is this a good idea?
Did (35F) I misread my (35M) married friend?
I [19M] don't know what to do with [19F] "flirting" with me while having boyfriend.
Relationships
How do I care less about my friends life decisions?
I (22f) want to contact my ex (23m) but he has a girlfriend now?
My boyfriend doesn’t want to commit to anything, but pretends he does
Help me
[deleted by user]
What should I do?
I (18m) accidentally washed my girlfriend‘s (19f) clothes with pink and ruined a bunch her favorite clothes.
I want to contact my ex boyfriend but he has a girlfriend now?
My EX and I
Being lied to by a friend in a personal issue. (M19)/(F22)
BỘ BÀN GHẾ NHỰA MÂY CÁCH ĐIỆU CAO CẤP
Is it unreasonable for me to want my boyfriend to prioritize me?
help! muslim parents found out about boyfriend
Advice on getting over my abusive ex boyfriend
I [22M] want to break up with my perfect girlfriend [19F] to have sex with other girls
How do I [46M] get my girlfriend's [16F] mother to butt out of our relationship?
Im hurting
Do unicorns actually exist?
Should I (17F) or how should I make it clear that I'm just hooking up w this guy(17M) for fun?
Being lied to in a personal issue. (M 19) (F22)
How do I (20 f) get the guy I'm dating (20 m) to be a better kisser?
Anyone have luck the second time around?
3 months ago My gf (23) told me she was talking to her ex for about 8 months, I still hurting from this
My [26F] little sister[12F] is deteriorating with her degenerative disease
Should I confront her?
My boyfriend (M 24) and I (F 24) consistently argue over our different views on colleges/education. How can we finally put the issue to rest?
Last night, I got a wild hair to put the Christmas tree up. But when I woke up this morning, there was NO Christmas tree and a letter from Santa in its place.... My husband literally Grinched me. The tree is back up tonight.
Do you think that he [20 M] is still upset? And should I [20 F] say something to him?
How do I [46M] get my girlfriend's [16F] mother to butt out of our relationship?
Is my (F29) Boss (F35) Abusive? How do I navigate?
Shit is hard
Update to confronting my brother about his behavior towards my mum with cancer
How many times can you apologize until you’re finally heard?? (Kinda lengthy but I really need advice HELP PLEASE)
Should I [20 F] saying something to him [20 M]?
Starting to think my (29F) Boss is Abusive. How do I navigate this situation?
How do I [46M] get my girlfriend's [16F] mother to butt out of our relationship?
I’m confused of my boyfriends mothers actions.
My boyfriend and I (both 24) consistently fight about our different views on college and education. How can we finally put it to rest??
How many times can you apologize until you’re finally heard?? (Kinda lengthy but I need advice, PLEASE HELP)
I (F22) cannot figure my friend (M22) out!
Finally coming out of my shell!!
I [30/NB] am trying to navigate around my new partner's [31/M] gaming.
I [22f] don’t know if he [22m] and I are just incompatible or if something can be done
What should I [20 F] about this guy [ 20 M]?
I am starting to think that my (f29) Boss (F35) is abusive. Is there any hope for me?
Am I [19f] too emotional for my bf [21m]
what should I (20f) do?
Am I wrong to feel weird about my [22/f] boyfriend [25] asking for the social media handles of other women?
I [21/f] hooked up with some of my ex bfs [21/m] friends in the 2.5 years since our breakup, do I tell him now that we are talking again?
How can I [17M] make my family [46M, 44F, 20F] understand I don't want to go to prom?
My (28M) gf (27F) of over 4 years forgot my birthday. Not sure how I should feel.
What should I do?
I (23M) broke up with my ex (23F) due to mental health issues and now am struggling to accept it
A relationship with God
[20 M] and my ex [18 F] of two years broke up almost a year ago i still cant get over her.
Should I (28F) go out with a guy (28F) I'm not that intensely attracted to?
I think my dad is making a huge mistake
I (23M) broke up with my ex (23F) as I was going through some mental health issues which I didn’t know how to resolve, but I still want to be with her
If you received this text from your girlfriend what would you think?
How do I break up with him?! [19F][20M]
Finally coming out of my shell!! :D
I'm madly in love with him but I couldn't stand a relationship with him?
I’m worried my dad is making a huge mistake
My [23M] GF [22] is refusing to take the day off that we are supposed to move to our new apartment.
Broken and confused
How do I be okay with being away from my boyfriend?
Unsure how to treat my [19F] brother’s [24M] ex [24F]
I (26F) am dating a Sperm Donor (28M) with 18+ Offspring. Help!
Should I (28F) Break off a date with someone (28M) who I'm not super attracted to?
What should I do?
My ex [27M] broke up with me [24F] 3 weeks before moving to be with me.
Sitting here in a car, across from my fiancé, in silence as she plays songs that I think she is using to passively tell me how she feels right now
How can I [22F] help my girlfriend [25F] of 1.5 years after I confided in her about my serious thoughts of suicide?
Need Some Advice - Feeling Lost - Do i break up with her?
My FWB (42M) wants a sexy Friendsgiving and I have never hosted one before. Ideas?
Should I end my engagement?
I [26F] have a boyfriend [29M], and I posted pictures of my face on a rating website. I did it with good intentions, but I'm afraid my boyfriend wouldn't see it that way. Am I overthinking this?
Sexy Friendsgiving ideas?
Women who have been raped: how did you rediscover your sexuality and connect sexually with your emotional partners
Would it be tacky or selfish of me to renege on a gift to a friend? [23f and 20f]
Me [24F] and my now ex [27M] broke up 3 weeks before he moves here
I Need Some Advice - Feeling lost
Ran into my abusive ex, discovered he’s gay
[M18] feeling unworthy, losing interest in dating
Hindsight on my relationship
What is Mine [18M] and my Girlfriend's [18F] anniversary?
Should I break off a date with someone I'm not intensely attracted too?
Should I (20f) stay friends with my unmotivated friend 19m)
I [F/24] am overweight and dating someone [M/25] way more attractive. Does he have a fat fetish and should it bother me?
Why did a girl(17) stop responding to me(19)?
My best friend's boyfriend cheated on her with me while she was in a critical condition in hospital and I don't know how to get my life back on track
I'm[18F] having issues with my girlfriend's[16F] dependency, how do I break this relationship off?
Best Friend’s Toxic Boyfriend-Advice?
Why does a girl (17) stop responding to me (19)m?
Asked a girl out at my school and wanted advice on the best way to end it
Helping my (21M) friends (20sM/F) study is burning me out
Why did my [23F] ex [22M] lie about so many stupid, pointless things?
My friend slept with a man she didn't know was married with a pregnant wife, she's horrified, does she tell the wife?
How can I convince myself that my boyfriend really does love me?
My (21F) sister (30F) has moved back home and is not cleaning up after herself and eating my groceries.
Helping my (21M) friends (20sM/F) study is burning me out
Depressed Girlfriend
I think I messed up and lost a chance at really loving and being loved. Any advice would be appreciated.
32M and 31F - How To Manage Living In A Confined Space
Just went out on another first date. Can't make up my mind on asking her out again.
[24M] My GF [24F] of 1 year broke up saying we're incompatible and she doesn't see me romantically anymore, despite her talking about marriage less than 2 months ago
I think I really messed up with this girl.
is there such a thing as being too honest?
I [31 M] am having problems with my mother [56 F] and the rest of my family due to my decision to stay single.
Today I found out my (18M) boyfriend (20M) started dating someone else 2 weeks after we broke up.
My [25M] girlfriend[22F] likes a grad school a few hours away ,long distance is not something I want
I 26f have started dating my ex 27m again. He has just left prison for a serious crime and I have no one to discuss this with
Sex and feelings
Worried family will notice my weight gain.
My(19f) mom abandon me and I don’t know how to handle it on my 20 birthday
My (22F) boyfriend (27M) is a workaholic. We spoke about ending, but want to give it another shot.
My(19f) boyfriend(19) lied to me about having sex with men
I love my partner but I feel at times we would benefit one another more if we weren’t together, any advice? [M/F20]
I [31 M] am having problems with my mother [56 F] and the rest of my family due to my decision to stay single.
Found out today my (18M) boyfriend (20M) got in a new relationship 2 weeks after we broke up.
My[24M] girlfriend [22 F] wants to go to grad school a few hours away, long distance relationships are not for me
Worried family will think I've gained weight.
Dating someone with a broken heart.
My bf (24m) broke up with me (20f) last week after giving me herpes.
Just went out on another first date. Can't make up my mind on asking her out again.
I [20M] am depressed and desperate for a girlfriend
My girlfriend is [27 f] and I’m a [24 m]. I love my girlfriend with all my heart. But sometimes I feel like my level of drive and motivation exceeds hers significantly. Am I being too selfish or should I just accept the way she is?
My (24m) girlfriend (23f) of 2 years told me she isn't sure if she loved me anymore
Ladies, what’s the most romantic thing a man has done for you?
God I feel like such a whiny douche (25M) a coworker has a crush on me (20F) but I'm not attracted to her
Sex and feelings
I (24M) have a huge crush on a classmate (21F) but there's barriers
I [20M] am depressed and desperate for a girlfriend
GF (20) lost her virginity to my cousins BF (21) and we’ll all be together for Thanksgiving..
Me (23), gf (19), (11 months). What do to when your gf is drunk ans she gets mad at you?
wanna share your story?
Im dating this girl but its been really awkward between us.
My [25F] husband won't learn how to drive and I resent him for it
What should I do
My friend is dating my crush and it's putting me in a weird 'I'll never find love' phase. Eveyone is 14 btw.
I [M18] just broke up with my girlfriend [F17]
Me (21f) and my ex (21f) broke up four months ago but now he’s moved on and now I really miss him.
My [26F] husband [29M] won't learn to drive and I'm feel resentful
I'm [28M] about to go on a 4th date with a girl [27F] but I cant help but miss my ex
I (29M) used to believe I was raped
My friend is dating my crush and now I'm having a weird sad phase and think I'll never find someone.
Anyone else in a relationship where your S/O that doesn't have an ex/exes?
Handed my (30sM) best friend of 15 years (30sM) $200, he lost it.
My [17F] sister [17F] told my boyfriend [18M] about my vents on Reddit and now he’s upset. What can I do to make him feel better?
"The mouth speaks what's in your heart"
Forehead kisses meaning??
(M) not sure if I’m in bad relationship woth(F)
Girl [28F] I [29M] am considering getting into a relationship with has a weird "friend" [68M]
I (22m) kissed and fucked during a relationship break
Anyone else in a relationship where your S/O doesn't have an ex/exes?
Post grad personal relationships
my [17F] twin sister told my boyfriend [18M] about my reddit. Now he’s upset.
Do you think she’s gay?
My boyfriend (25/M, 9 months) told me I (21/F) have low self esteem and he wishes I could see what he sees in me.
My (F29) BIL (M35) makes it weird that I invited him to dinner when passing through town.
I (26M) Hurt My Girlfriend (23F). I Need Help.
Me (21m) kissed and had sex with someone on a break. Now back together with gf and it's bothering me even though I know it shouldnt
Girl [28F] I [29M] am considering getting into a relationship with has a weird "friend" [68M]
My [25F] husband [29M] doesn't know how to drive and I resent him for it
What would you think if a girl that you are interested/had a date would say this:" I want to kiss you again"?
My homie doesn't know he's gay
My [20M] gf [19F] of 3 months tried to get back together with her ex a month ago and now I dont trust her.
Intimate with someone new
Can I get some advice y’all
My [25F] husband [29M] won't learn how to drive and I resent him for it.
i [26f] am at the end of my rope with my boyfriend [35m] not firing the housekeeper. am i being unreasonable?
My [20M] gf [19F] of 3 months tried to get back together with her ex a month ago and now I dont trust her.
Will I ever get over my ex cheating on me and dating someone new only weeks after?
Weird Texts on My(19F) Girlfriend's (20F) Phone
[28M] My wife [27F] smokes weed and it bothers me
Should I [F20's] give up on my marriage?
Me [25 M] with one of my best friends [24 M] he wants me to room with him after I graduate, but I don't
I [18M] hooked up with a family friend [47F]. I think I have feelings for her now
My [19M] girlfriend [18F] isn't appreciating what I do for her.
[18M] How to deal with making mistakes? Particularly huge ones?
Friends With Benefits stopped outta nowhere ????
I [M31] miss my ex girlfriend to an extent, yet I don't miss how my life was in comparison to now. The inner turmoil is strong!
My (37) mother (57) is inviting herself to Thanksgiving.
Me (M/25) dug myself too deep in a lie pretending to love a girl (24)
I (26F) asked for a week long break but not sure what to do now
Girlfriend’s friend is into her
[27/w] intuition or delusional (concering ex [39/m]
Is it rape if he said he'd pull out to avoid pregnancy (he didn't like condoms) but before climaxing he said "I can't stop now" and finished inside?
My bf (20M) dumped me (21F) after almost 2 years and I have no idea how to handle it.
Does He[25m] even love me[24f]
She [24F] treats me [30M] like a problem
what do i do about my boyfriends insecurity????
How do I stop being so lonely?
I (22 M) am considering proposing earlier to my girlfriend (22F) for her grandma
My [M/31] ex [F/25] told me she was in love with me. Now she wants nothing to do with me.
College romance... any regrets?
my [22f] boyfriend [23m] keeps speaking in old english
My (40F) Boyfriend (40m) is....hung up on his ex and keeps calling me her name
I [28F] feel in a rut with husband [30M]
Deeply troubled future sister in-law
How do I (25f) stop feeling resentful about my boyfriend (32m) wanting kids sooner than later?
Boyfriend follows THOUSANDS of Instagram/snapchat models
Am I (F18) too emotionally unstable to date this guy(m20)?
How do I (22F) go about asking my boyfriend (30F) to delete his ex's nudes?
Me [32 M] with my gf [29 F] are in an impasse with my mom
Long-distance relationship tips
Drawing professor just called me dim witted
She can never hang out when I suggest we hang out
Me [M21] having problems deciding to stay or leave my girlfriend [F19] who's been recently dealing with depression.
Problems with telling the truth to my best friend - what should I do?
I (26F) asked for a break for a week but feel like i need longer
Boyfriend follows thousands of Instagram models
How do I (22F) go about asking my boyfriend (30M) to delete his ex's nudes?
My girlfriend (24F) and I (24M) want to live together but cant find the right opportunity
I [22F] think I fell out of love with my BF [25M] of 4 years.
[22F] My SO [21F] refuses all help
I'm ruining all of my [20F] relationships.
Finally happy (F22)
Me [20M] and my girlfriend [20F] are going through a rough patch.
College dating: any regrets?
My [27/F] girlfriend [25/F] keeps asking to meet my best friend's [27/F] family but doesn't mention wanting to meet mine as often.
My(21F) Fiancé (23M) Opened Our Relationship While Our Relationship Is Crumbling
Boyfriend’s (m23) obsession with “revenge” against a former friend is taking its toll on me (f24)
I [23F] need to completely cut contact with my boyfriend/ex [27M] of a few months, but I'm weak. Help?
I just found out my(27m) "step father"(old as shit m), who I haven't spoken to in ten years, committed suicide this week.
My [18M] girlfriend [19F] struggles with mental health issues and I think it's affecting how she makes friends
Deeply troubled future sister in-law
My [24M] Long Distance "Relationship" with [28F] 1.5 years - Help and Assistance Greatly Needed!
I [27F] am not in love with my FWB [27M], but my feelings are hurt that he's not in love with me. How do I get over this stupidity and just enjoy being casual?
People who dated throughout college: any regrets?
Bliss (F22) (M29)
Me [28 M] with my friend [25 F] of 4 months treats me with incredibly oscillating behavior.
I just found out my "step father", who I haven't spoken to in ten years, committed suicide this week.
Long Distance "Relationship" / Girl I am seeing - Help and Advice Needed!
Feeling depressed because I (21F) just realized my only friends (21Fs) aren’t really true friends at all. How do I slowly cut myself out of their lives and make new friends after graduating?
I (19F) have a hard time trusting my boyfriend (19M) after his actions during a "break" last year.
something to give him before going home for break
Feeling depressed because I (21F) just realized that my only “friends” (21Fs) are shitty. How do I slowly cut them out of my life without causing drama, and how can I put myself out there to find real friends after graduating college?
UPDATE: My [22F] deeply religious parents [50's M/F] are incredibly hostile about me moving in with my boyfriend [29M] of 1 year and I'm scared to even bring him around them in fear of how they'll treat him.
Is just fingering and kissing also called cheating, I am [28/F] with my Husband [34 M] been married for [4y]
Open marriage advice
Workmate (27F) is making my (27F) work situation so uncomfortable.
UPDATE: My [22F] deeply religious parents [50's M/F] are incredibly hostile about me moving in with my boyfriend [29M] of 1 year and I'm scared to even bring him around them in fear of how they'll treat him.
Husband [33M] is constantly away on business, I’m [25F] pregnant and at the end of my tether. What can I say without being unreasonable?
I’ve (26|f) never wanted to get married. Boyfriend’s (26|f) legal status has me conflicted.
My [19F] boyfriend [20M] is mad that I insist that I don't want anything for my birthday.
UPDATE: UPDATE: I (31F) got into an argument with my little sister's (22F) boyfriend (25M) and she is demanding that I apologize and says we need to have a serious "sister talk". AND SHE JUST CALLED ME AND TOLD ME SOMETHING CRAZY!
UPDATE: UPDATE: I (31F) got into an argument with my little sister's (22F) boyfriend (25M) and she is demanding that I apologize and says we need to have a serious "sister talk"... AND SHE JUST TOLD ME SOMETHING CRAZY!
Open marriage advice
My girlfriend [19F] and I [20M] need to change
Me [20 M] with my girlfriend [20 F] 2 years, she feels insecure ever since I started working out more. How can I reassure her?
Liking the person or liking the sex??
I (M15) broke up with my Ex (F15) two weeks ago and I just found out she was talking to another guy quite often over text the last week (and probably the last months) of our relationship and is still doing so
A long running grudge between my (31M) old best friend (28M) and my current group of friends is really stressing me out. I want to mend things. Can I? Should I?
Feeling conflicted about my [27F] new relationship with [27M] due to issues in the bedroom.
Need Some sound advice
Initiating conversations (15F to 16/17M) without seeming creepy or immature?
Me [20M] and my girlfriend [19F] can't move past a fight that happened months ago
My boyfriend's mad because I insist I don't want anything for my birthday.
[23F] I'm not attracted to my boyfriend
I (24m) confronted my little sister’s (22f) abusive boyfriend (24m). I think I made things worse.
Not necessarily asking for advice, just want to know if anyone went trough this too
Having second thoughts about my [27F] new relationship with [27M] due to sex issues
Just wanted to let it out.
Initiating conversations (15F to 16-17M) without being creepy
My boyfriend (20M) is unsure about children. (18F)
I (24F) have feelings for someone I only know online
What can I [25 F] do when my low maintenance friends talk between themselves about people I don't know and may never meet?
High school ex-girlfriend (29f) forbids her brother (27m) from visiting us unless my (31f) husband (29m) “makes things right” with her
How can I [27F] get my [27M] to become more thoughtful and notice small details?
My [41F] daughter [14F] pretends to attend try outs for pop star companies and I don't want her in that world, but I don't know if denying her access will be worst.
Me (26F) with my sister (28F)- She won't help out around the house while our dad (65M) is dying in hospital
My bf dumped me bec he thought an okcupid profile was mine.
My (21F) best friend (21F) gets mad over the dumbest things and I am losing my mind.
My [31 M] girlfriend [25 F] of 2 years thinks she may be asexual and I don't know how to proceed. Advice?
Is it manipulative if I [M25] wait for my friend [F25] to break up to make my move?
How can I [27F] get my [27M] to become more thoughtful and notice small details?
I (F21) am still angry at my partner (M22) and it's not justified
Friend’s (29M) Domestic Partner of 12 years (27F) wanted a break and is sleeping with someone else now. Should I reach out to her? How can I help my friend?
Advice for a girl who needs space from all the in-laws to save her relationship.
I [23/m] dated my ex [20/f] for the first time since we broke up, and everything went amazing, then we met again with a group of friends and we had ignore each other like if nothing happened and it hurted more than it should, what should I do?
Is it fair for me (19M) to expect a second change from ex (19F)?
I [23M] broke up with my ex [26F] few months ago and I recently started a new relationship [24F], but I'm not sure whether to continue it or not
Am I (23F) insecure or my date (33F) doesn’t care?
My Brother (31M) and I (23M) are having a dispute over our father's inheritance
I [24f] have gone on multiple dates with an older [30m] guy from a dating app. First time doing so, does it seem like he's into me?
I (20m) feel dumb for having feelings for my bestfriend (20f) who is now interested in a guy
Need Advice
A mad carousel. Who can relate?
Best friend [28/M] has hooked up with [27/F] (6 months) who has taken over his life. I’m not sure if I should say anything.
I[45 F] am worried about my son [21 M]
Me [27 M] with the girl I'm dating [27 F]; know each other about a month; long-distance
(25M) The girl I'm in love with (24F) is getting married to someone else so now I have officially given up on life, and no attractive women like me because I'm obese and short. Any advice? Are my looks that ugly where no attractive woman will give me a chance? Never had a GF. Still a virgin.
My Brother and I are having a dispute over our father's inheritance
Why did my GF [21/f] tell me [24/m] she “wants to see me” even though she can’t?
[m20 f20] Is she interested on me?
How do I(24m) tell my Christian gf(25F) of 8 years that I am agnostic?
I (25F) think I was ghosted by my "friend" (25M)
Help!! Relationship survey for class project
Should I(24m) tell my Christian gf(25F) of 8 years that I am agnostic? (Long post)
Me (24/F) with my (24M) boyfriend of 3 years, We keep having the same argument about his reliability and sharing of household responsibility
Plz Help me out reddit, losing my mind.
I (24F) need help leaving my boyfriend (25M) while living abroad, without any money or prospect of a job
I feel trapped in my relationship for financial reasons
How to move on while being constantly reminded of her?
My libido (22F) is strong than my boyfriends (21M) I feel like I am doing too much in my emotional and sexual relationship :/
My (29F) attachment style has flipped and I need to chill about the guy (25m) I'm seeing.
My [26M] sister [19F] was dumped pretty brutally by a man [27M] who turned out to be married. Can I help her somehow?
I [M18] want to break up with my girlfriend [F17] who can’t drive
Girlfriend changes her mind about move in
Help: how do I stop caring about my boyfriends ex?
My libido (22F) is strong than my boyfriends (21M) I feel like I am doing too much in my emotional and sexual relationship :/
I’m 18 with Asperger’s syndrome adhd and depression and I have never been in a relationship but would like to I haven’t got good social skills I don’t have any mates and I can’t really understand people that well if you’ve got any advice for me please get back to me thanks :)
I [21 f] banned a couple people [19m 20m 25m] from the parties I'll be hosting for my college fencing club. It's causing some drama.
I (31M) found out my GF (30F) “dated” a 14yo boy when she was 19
I [22 M] have anxiety over getting gf [22 F] of 3 months accidentally pregnant
I (30/F) don't know how to handle my husbands (30/M) alcoholism anymore.
My (24M) wife's (25F) aunt (30sF) impersonated my wife and led a man on (30sM) for the past 2 years.
My (F39) boyfriend (M38) wants periods of celibacy. I don't.
Father (27M) of my (25F) son (6M) wants a relationship with my son after ~6 years of no contact
Help: how do I not care about my boyfriends’ ex?
My (f26) boyfriend (m25) of 7 years thinks I’m clingy and doesn’t want me to meet his university friends
My parents told my husband I was going to leave him and the reason I didn't was because they talked me out of it.
He (20M) likes me (21F), he likes me not?
*PLEASE, reddit, I really need your help today.
Looking for opinions and experiences on marriage before or after kids.
Met my boyfriends racist parents and now I have no idea what to do.
"You're too smart for your own good" - What does it mean?
I asked my crush out(17 yo.) and this happened.. Confused.
I think my (26M) girlfriend (26F) has BPD and it’s taking its toll on me.
Should I be upset/worried about my (M20) girlfriends (F19) friendship with (M20)?
Met my boyfriends racist parents, and now I don’t know what to do.
Looking for opinions and experiences regarding marriage before or after kids
Girl (F22) and I (M23) are in a very complicated situation, I really need help
My (24M) wife's (25F) aunt (30sF) impersonated my wife and led a man on (30sM) for the past 2 years.
My [21F] boyfriend [20M] has a bad hygiene and I don’t know what to do
Am I too pushy (25F) or is my boyfriend too avoidant (27M)?
My [F24] Found out ber Aunt was dying whom shes only brought up once before and now has deleted her social media and hasnt returned a call or text to me since finding out. [M30] [6M]
Twice per week, fiancé 25f takes 2-6 hours to cool off, takes ring off, threatens to leave
Boyfriend's (35M) snoring is killing me (34F) and us
How do I [M18] break up with my gf [F17] when she doesn’t have a car?
Am I too pushy (25F) or is my partner avoidant (27M)?
*PLEASE, reddit, I really need your help with this Today.
My [27F] FWB [28M] caught my cousin's boyfriend [50M] watching horrible, illegal porn, and now he's threatening both of us. What should we do?
I accepted a girl who loves me to be my girlfriend but now i realize that times can't make me fall in love with her
My fiancé 25f takes a long time to cool off when she gets upset. Two to six hour cool off sessions once per week are pretty normal. She will often take off her ring and threaten to leave during this time period.
Me (35m) becoming bored with her (27f) after 4 years. Is she lazy/complacent, or am I obsessed with goals and have unrealistic expectations?
28/F blaming herself for failed relationship- was it all really just on me?
(19f) How do you know if it was meant to be? / How do you get over your first love?
I [22F] am getting constantly stared at by guy [2?M] at work who I don't even know
My crush bought me souvenir gift but she denied my souvenir gift that I bought for her. Does it mean she is rejecting me?? She lives quite far from my place.
Girl hasn’t texted me, kinda confused kinda ❤️Broken
I need real help
My [28M] husband is giving me [23M] shit for trying to help him get healthier
Depressed Boyfriend broke up with me. Have cried for 12 hours straight. Insight desperately needed.
My [24F] boyfriend [23M] of 6 months has bad knees and I love hiking/being active
(18f) How do you get over your first love?
28/F I am solely blaming myself for the breakup HELP!
Grandpa has pushed his family away after marrying wife
Me (24F) and Roommate (25F) Have Differing Opinions About Who Owns My Cat
Me [26 M] am preparing to move out of home without my [24 F] girlfriend, who also still lives home. Am I feeling guilty for no reason?
I (21F) feel super stressed with current family situation going on.
My crush [24/F] parked her truck in a different spot. Am I [23/M] overreacting?
My boyfriend (49/M) and I (36/F) have been together for almost 3 months. I’ve recently started working for him and his behavior has changed. Thoughts?
A a breakup I can’t get over.
Me 38 M with my 27 F GF - 2 Years, Sex Life Dull
[24/F] Lost the respect of my close ones after I opened up about anxiety and depression, now the people I love most treat me like I'm stupid. What do I do?
Not sure if I'm overreacting with a friend (21/F)
Me [41F] with my sister [30 F], need help from people who have successfully left relationships with narcissistic abusers
My [21f] best friends [20f 21f] think I do too many dangerous things. I think I can take care of myself.
[31/M] wanting to push my wife [32/M] to formally warn her parents about their behavior esp. around our kids [3/M and 1/F].
I am in dire need of some help....struggling to keep my foot down in my relationship!
I (19F) just found out that my boyfriend (19M) who isn't exactly my boyfriend is still constantly hanging with his ex. What do i do?
What do you think his body language means?!
Is anybody else just not close with their family?
[24/F] Opened up about anxiety and depression, now the people I love most treat me like I'm stupid. What do I do?
I (32/f) feel like I am losing my soulmate (39/m). What happened?
I [25f] need help. My husband [34m] has gone way beyond emotional abuse & turned physical. But all my finances are linked to his, I make 120k/year that he has arranged to deposit to his main account. Apartment has his name (&mine) on the lease. Help me please. Wtf is my next move?
Me [24 M] with my girlfriend (27F). I'm having issues after 2.5 years.
26m with slight commitment phobia need some advice.
Should I [24 M] hang out with my gf [26 F] and her ex bf [27 M]? (Open Relationship)
Abusive Boyfriend Troubles and Need Help Getting Away!
depressed boyfriend - space?
I [28F] broke up with my bf [32M] of two years because of lack of communication
My (M30) friend (M35) wants to get married ASAP. I'm convinced it will end up in a divorce. What should I do?
[22/m] Feeling heartbroken and dying on the inside over my (22/f) girlfriend who I love
26m with slight commitment phobia need some advice.
Am I the asshole for blocking my ex?
Incredible lazy gf [F17] wants to live with me [M18] but won’t get a job
I [18M] cheated in my last relationship. I hate myself for it daily. Is it imperative that I tell future partners? If so at what stage?
My Abusive and Controlling Boyfriend
My (M30) friend (M35) wants to get married ASAP. I'm convinced it will end up in a divorce. What should I do?
My (F24) boyfriend's (M24) parents said I was old looking, fat, and ugly and suggested a breakup.
(19) Sociopath having trouble with relationships
How can I (F28) make my boyfriend (M29, 2 mon.) clean his room (and himself) better/more often?
I'm (23f) nervous about bringing my bf (24m) to a work event?
How do I (27) get my boyfriend (27) yo stop trying to make me watch horror films.
I [33m] feel like my wife [33f] of 6 years is self-sabotaging our marriage counseling.
depressed boyfriend (20M) - how do I (19F) give space?
My boyfriend (29m) earns much more than me (24f) and wants us to have a lifestyle I (24f) can't afford
My [34F] longtime friend's [34M] girlfriend [30?F] wants him to cut contact with me due to sexting that I thought we had the ok on; I get it but I'm sad & need to figure out how to stop dwelling
My (F24) boyfriend's (M24) parents said I was old looking, fat, and ugly and suggested a breakup.
I (teen) have moderate sociopathic tendencies and have trouble finding value in relationships
I [18M] cheated in my last relationship. I hate myself for it daily. Is it imperative that I tell future partners? If so at what stage?
Fiance(22F) and I(22M) hit a rough patch and I am having trouble working through it.
My [27 M] SO [28 F] wakes up earlier than me and hits snooze multiple times before waking up, are they any good ways to compromise here?
I (28M) have been blacklisted by my parents because of my brother (23m) and his voting rights.
I (29f) slept with best friend’s (28f) crush (32m). Feeling a lot of guilt. But she is dating someone and lives in different country. How do I navigate this?
I (31/F) feel like I’m losing my soulmate (38/M) ... what happened?
I [18M] cheated in my last relationship. It haunts me daily as the worst thing I’ve ever done. Is it imperative that I share it with my future partners. At what stage is it necessary?
How do you get over your first love?
I'm (F) starting to have violent tendencies toward my boyfriend and I need help.
We broke up 8ish months ago - I sent a cringey text last night
How to bring up an important topic
Me(20M) & my best friend (20M) and his girlfriend
Depressed boyfriend - how do I give space?
Tempted to contact my ex girlfriend
I've been blacklisted by my parents for trying to have my brothers right to vote removed
Step sister (19/f) wont break up with mentally abusive boyfriend (22/f)
Me(20M) & my best friend (20M) & his girlfriend
My(29M) girlfriend(32F) has a teenage daughter who hates me. what to do?
I’m (20F) hooking up with a guy (25M) tonight. I’m scared that he will think I’m gross. Do guys really care about fat and scars?
(F28) virgin and meeting guy later tonight and freaking out...
I (22F) am starting to feel like I don’t turn my boyfriend (25M) on at all
Losing my soulmate? What happened?
Slept with my friend’s crush, but she lives in a different country
Male Manager (married) has an affair with an employee and promotes her
(F28) virgin & freaking out because i met someone new
My girlfriend has a teenage daughter who hates me with a passion. What to do?
Girl [25 fm] I'm [26m] I'm seeing is constantly hot and cold.
I (22F) lost my family. How do I move on?
I (35f) think my husband (35m) has an inappropriate relationship with his sister
Stepson (12M) spent $700 on XBOX with my (34M) card!
Missing friend worrying family
Irrational fear of him leaving
Husband having an emotional affair
How to be a dominate in a d/s relationship?
Should I [18F] befriend my boyfriend's [20M] friends [19-20M]?
My situation with my girlfriend right now.
My (35M) former best friend's (34M) wife (34F) was murdered a week ago, after nearly 3 years we finally spoke on the phone 3 days ago.
Engagement ring problem
I (M26) slept with my friend’s sister (F25)
I [23M] and disabled sister [12F] live with our l mom [50F]. While we visited dad, our mom moved away and discarded what we didn't take with us
[22/m] Feeling heartbroken and dying on the inside over my (22/f) girlfriend who I love
I [28F] have 2 dogs, and my husband [30M] now refuses to have any interaction with them
Fear of him leaving
I (22F) am starting to feel like I don’t turn my boyfriend (25M) on at all
Don't know if I [26F] am exaggerating or my bf [30M] is driving me crazy
I (M26) slept with my best friends sister (F25)
How do I [20s M] handle LDR with girlfriend [20s F] temporarily?
I [13M] am worried that my sister [16f] is suffering from some disorder and would like to help her.
I [25f] told my bf [23m] I might be pregnant and received no emotional support.
It's been two months since I[23M] quit video games. I'm experiencing withdrawal symptoms, as silly as that may sound and am worried about relapsing.
Boyfriend 34 wants me to stop talking to a friend who cheats on her husband.
I (30m) am about to go through divorce with my (30f) wife of 10 years. Feeling really depressed, and need advice.
Am I (18F) wrong to be offended by my coworkers' (40s Fs) behavior?
College/ Long distance advice
I [13M] am worried that my sister [16f] is suffering from some disorder and would like to help her.
She [16F] doesn't seem to appreciate my [18M] sense of humour, and vice versa
Me[m27] and my ex [f24] relationship
Should I listen to my gut or am I looking for an excuse to leave?
Im single for the first time since i started dating and i dont know how to be alone.
My (F27) boss (M32) is making my work life miserable
How much do you allow yourself to notice others when you're in a committed monogamous relationship?
She wants a break (F21) (M19)
Should I listen to my gut or am I looking for an excuse to leave?
Mismatched vows
My situation right now with my girlfriend.
My (f29) husband (m35) doesn't want to have sex with me
Am I [m19] encouraging unhealthy behaviors for my girlfriend [f20]
For first year college couples, how frequent do you guys communicate with each other?
My (35M) ex best friend's (34M) wife was murdered last week, and after not speaking for almost a year he has contacted me.
How do I [16M] get over someone who I’m forced to see five days a week [16F] (1 year long relationship.)
I [22/F] think my boyfriend [24/M] is cheating on me with his brother.
My (f29) husband (m35) doesn't want to have sex with me
I [22/F] think my boyfriend [24/M] is cheating on me with his brother.
F (22) and M (23) have reached a difficult impass
Follow up to GF (25F) tells little lies
I [18M] messed up real badly, Im at complete loss, I don’t know how to make up to her [18F] or what to do at all.
How do I get over someone that I’m forced to see five days a week?
I [M22] am unsure how to feel about crossed boundaries with gf [F22]
My [26M] girlfriend [27F] is constantly angry. Really angry. How can I talk to her?
My BF[31M] says he can't handle hearing my [30F] concerns while he's stressed and we're long distance
F (22) and M (23) have reached an impass
Help please! Busted my husband snooping?
How do you cope with people that really try everything to seek confrontation without any reason?
Toxic friendship? Or just disappointment?
Is it reasonable that I [27M] am upset and more on my GF [28F] not telling me things?
How do you cope with people that really try everything to seek confrontation without any reason?
Is it reasonable that I [27M] am upset and mad on my GF [28F] not telling me things?
I (32F) think my husband (32M) has an incestuous relationship with his sister
I (22F) don't know how to find "the one"
This is a short intro to my life I’m 18 this is the things that have had a major effect on me
Relationship with best friend in awkward phase. Help me from making it take longer to go back to normal. (Now with TL Dr)
How to get over the past??
My boyfriend gets weird about privacy on his phone and computer, he won’t let me do anything on his phone unless it’s “monitored” by him. Help!
My ma [50F] thinks I’m not well mentally. I [22] am perfectly fine, but she doesn’t listen when I say that to her.
I moved to a new town for my partner
Should I (20F) tell my FWB (26M) about my self harm scars?
My [28M] girlfriend [25F] of 5 years has been having an ‘emotional affair’ with a coworker
advice?
How do I [22M] convince my mother [50F] that I’m doing fine mentally and don’t need to be sent to a mental ward.
Should I (20F) tell my FWB (26M) about my self harm scars?
My [28M] girlfriend [25F] has been having an ‘emotional affair’ with a coworker
[M22] I am friends with lots of girls but I can’t find someone who is romantically interested in me. I’m so lost and confused that I want to give up on dating. I don’t want to be alone forever.
My bf (M26) and I (F24) have been together for 5 years... but should it continue?
How long/fast did it take to fall in love when you both are two different people?
[M22] I am friends with lots of girls but I can’t find someone who is romantically interested in me. I’m so lost and confused that I want to give up on dating. I don’t want to be alone forever.
Boyfriend (38) wants to have numerous periods of celibacy over the next few years. I don't.
[M22] I am friends with lots of girls but I can’t find someone who is romantically interested in me. I’m so lost and confused that I want to give up on dating. I don’t want to be alone forever.
Planning [25f] to make a long-term move with my partner [26m], and not sure if he's actually okay with it
My [22F] boyfriend [24M] of about a year has been sexting other women on multiple apps. We’re about to move in together.
My boyfriend [28M] wants to move across the world for me [24F] and I am afraid of the commitment. Can you ever be sure about someone?
Dating a girl with a mental health disorder?
My boyfriend's best friend [19M] told me [18F] that he wouldn't recommend anyone to date my boyfriend [19M]
[M22] I am friends with lots of girls but I can’t find someone who is romantically interested in me. I’m so lost and confused that I want to give up on dating. I don’t want to be alone forever.
[M22] I can’t find someone who is romantically interested in me. I’m so lost and confused that I want to give up on dating. I don’t want to be alone forever.
GHẾ NẰM NHỰA MÂY THƯ GIÃN CAO CẤP
I [40M] fucked up a new friendship with a female friend [30F] and ended up hurting my wife [35F]
EX-GIRLFRIENDS ALWAYS COME BACK AFTER THIS TECHNIQUE
Weird classmate, talks but avoid eye contact.
[UPDATE] How can I [19f] talk to him [20m] about our sex life?
Ex-Colleague (29M) hit another ex-colleague (22F) on her head
I [40M] screwed up a new friendship with a female [30F] and hurt my wife [35F]
Me [24M/F] and my GF [23F] of 3.5 years are both very religious, we want to get married but the want to be intimate and lack of intimacy before marriage is breaking us apart
Not anything romantic but classmate acts weird. Should I just ignore?
Girlfriend [18F] lied to me [19M] about being on birth control. She is now possibly pregnant.
Bf (23M) is emotionally intimate with a lot of his female friends and it bothers me (20F)
Closest friendship in an awkward phase. Help me not be an idiot.
My best friend (26M) is recklessly in love with a guy (27M) who has a girlfriend of 7 years (27F) and multiple secret male partners. He thinks he can "fix" him.
My(31F) boyfriend (35M) got a tinder verification email about 2 months ago and I don't know what to think.
I (23M) will be proposing to my girlfriend (23F) of 5 years on this weekend and need advice.
Bad or toxic friendship?
My(31F) boyfriend(35M) got a tinder verification email about 2 months ago.
Wife can't look up
[Please Help] What is your ideal way to be proposed to?
I [30M] have started developing strong feelings towards my best friend [25F] that I befriended before I broke up with my ex, and not sure if it is worth telling her how I feel, as I am also uncertain how she feels.
my (22f) roommate (21f) has made a couple of offhand comments/threats about hurting/killing me and my other roommates (23f) (21f) should I be worried?
I [24f] feel as if my boyfriend [22m] prioritizes everyone/everything else over me. Am I just overreacting?
I (20) was talking shit about my roommate (20) because I thought she wasn’t home and now I hear her crying through the wall.
Me [25F] been seeing a guy [27M] for 2 months but have huge crush on long-time friend [30-40M]
Unhappy
I [25M] don’t like my girlfriend [23F] when she’s drunk
I [24f] think that my boyfriend [22m] doesn't care about me as much as he does anything/anyone else in his life. Am I overreacting?
My (23F) best friend (24M) told me that he wanks to my photos sometimes but told me that its not a big deal.
My GF likes to look at gore and it disturbs me
me (19) and ex gf (18) desperate on what to do
My (24F) best friend (23M) told me that he wanks to my pictures but told me to think nothing of it.
Seconds thoughts about initiating a break-up but I know I made the right decision...
My[28m] girlfriend[28f] of 6 months told me she wants to break up out of the blue because i didnt kiss her goodnight
Who should be in charge of paying the rent/household bills?
My (22f) roommate (21f) roommate has made a couple offhand comments/threats about hurting/killing me and my other roommates (23F) (21f) should I be worried?
Should I [23M] date a girl [20F] even if I'm not very attracted to her?
I (20M) have got some issues with anger, towards my girlfriend (19F).
I (35m) searching for g friend, is there any one.
I fell in love with a girl in 4 days and we only go on a date once and proposer here and she is not talking to me don't know what to do?
Should I (26F) tell my good friend and multi-year crush (27M) that I have feelings for him?
I [24m] don't know what "Needing time" means after breaking up.
Should I [23M] date a girl [20F] even if I'm not very attracted to her?
Low sex drive due to weight gain causing paranoia about relationship
My (30M) girlfriend (26F) of almost 2 years wants consent on everything and limit physical contact now.
My bf “jokes” about loving me
Wish I knew sooner........
Is it negative to block my ex?
I [25F] freshly divorced, in love with best friend, and afraid of what family will think of him.
Do any of you have habits/behaviours/things you did with an SO that transferred from one relationship to another?
Am I (27F) overreacting about friend (27M) backing out of plans?
Cute guy told me to add him on Snapchat then never added me back
My (30M) girlfriend (26F) of almost 2 years suddenly wants consent for all forms of physical contact.
Girlfriend (F22) wants me (M25) to propose this Christmas
I [22M] am having trouble convincing my mom [50F] that I am mentally healthy. I’m having trouble opening up to her because I’m afraid she’ll use what I say against me in the future.
I(20M) recently broke up with my girlfriend(20F) of 3 years. Too soon to move on?
Not sure if my [M23] girlfriend[F25] is playing dumb on me or just clueless
Worst 5 words ever . . .
Life with my [23M] Fiancee [22F] anymore is like Walking on Eggshells and I'm Depressed
Girlfriend (F22) wants me (M25) to propose this Christmas
Is there something wrong with me?
Me [25 m] and my Indian girlfriend are sexually incompatible
Gf told me I’m not allowed to come to her party
Me [29F] with my BF [38M]. His "cool off" periods WAY too long and there seems to be a double standard with how we are allowed to express anger.
(Throwaway account) I [18M] cheated in my last relationship. It haunts me each and every day, and is hands down the worst thing I’ve ever done. Is it imperative that I bring it up to any potential new partners? Thinking about it hurts. I can’t imagine discussing it with someone I care about.
How should I (22F) ask my soon to be girlfriend (20F) to be offical?
I now know what love is
In the past, my (18 f) boyfriend (19 m) took so many pictures with his ex (20 f) when they were dating. And now, we’ve been dating for a while, and he has like 30 pictures of me. Am I just making a big deal out of this?
Gf’s says I’m not invited
Me [25 m] and my Indian girlfriend [21 f] are sexually incompatible
Love is different
In the past, my (18 f) boyfriend (19m) took so many pictures with his ex (20 f) when they were dating. And now, we’re dating, and he has probably like 30 of me. Am i making a big deal out of this?
I dislike too much sex
My Indian girlfriend and I are not compatible
My (26F) new roommate (20sM) is being really difficult about things. Long story short, he may cut off the utilities soon. He stopped contacting me when I told him I wouldn't take his lease. How do I pay my deposits without contacting him?
My(20F) boyfriend(25M) is too logical and it makes communication so hard.
my [18f] brother [22m] is being annoying about unwanted gift
I want to be happy
I'm afraid my bestfriend's [26 F] fiance [26 M, together 7 years] is gay and she won't accept it, should I do something?
I [26F] try to rely on my parents [47M/46F] for emotional support. They come from abusive families, but I think they feel uncomfortable whenever I bring up psychological/mental issues. Should I try to find a therapist instead?
Relationship gone very wrong, friends (18F & 20F) or what?
I [26F] try to rely on my parents [47M/46F] for emotional support. They come from abusive families, but I think they feel uncomfortable whenever I bring up psychological/mental issues. Should I try to find a therapist instead?
I now know what love is.
My long distance relationship is over and I don't know what I did wrong.
Open Marriage has obliterated my (32M) self esteem watching my more successful wife (32F) hook up with guys
My ex-boyfriend (21M) ended our relationship but he still talks to me (21F) like we’re together?
What to do to get my husband (29M) to get me lingerie (28F)
How to move on without losing a friend
Couples At The Checkout
Friend wont leave me alone. And I have him on all social media
I dont know what to do anymore....
How much of a disparity in libido is too much? How do I bring it up without hurting him? [29F] dating [30M] for one year
I [23F] need a break from my [22M] fiancé, and we have a four month old. What can I do?
I [25F] have not quite gotten over my ex and am now dating someone new
How do I (F23) make my boyfriend (M24) of almost 2 years a little jealous and want me more?
I miss my best friend
How to ask unknown girl to spend time with me for money?
I [25F] have not quite gotten over my ex and am now dating someone new
Participate in a study about social relationships, and be entered for a $50 gift card
I(16M) still have feelings for my ex girlfriend (16F).
What’s your thoughts ??
I (37m), married for 5 years, found out my son (4yo) isn’t biologically mine. WA State
How do I(F23) make my boyfriend (M24) jealous?
How do I [21F] avoid being discriminated against because I look much younger than I am?
My (15M) best friend (16F) just confessed to me that she is struggling with insecurity issues.
I miss my best friend, what do I do?
So I'm banging yo momma
My Partner [31M] Said I Make Him Feel Like A Bad Person
My [19 F] boyfriend [19 M] pressures me too much on a decision
What to do??? Need help desperately! I have a classmate 14m and he's threatening to suicide or self harm in order to keep our friendship
Should I (22F) reach out to my ex (23M) of 2 years?
My fiancé (M32) and I (F29) are wondering if couples counselling might be helpful for us - we'd like to hear about your experiences, please.
I (31F) am grossly embarrassed of my apartment. The guy (32M) I’m seeing wants to come over.
My [18F] Friend [18F] Opened Inappropriate Pics of my Boyfriend [17M]
My [20 M] gf [18 F] of nearly 3 years kissed someone else last night, do i forgive or do i leave?
My [20 M] gf [18 F] of nearly 3 years kissed someone else last night, don't know what to do
My [F22] boyfriend [M22] thinks I am going to cheat because of a stupid post I put up on Instagram and has lost his trust in me.
Sanity check on jealousy & anger
Me [20 M] with my gf [18 F] girlfriend of nearly 3 years kissed someone else last night, don't know what to do
I (37m), married for 5 years, found out my son (4yo) isn’t biologically mine. WA State
Me [20 M] with my gf [18 F] girlfriend of nearly 3 years kissed someone else last night, don't know what to do
Was I [31 M] justified to put my "Christian" aunt in her place?
Jealous of my bfs (24) past
My (15M) best friend (16F) just confessed that she is having insecurity problems. How do I help?
I made a stupid decision.
So I'm banging your mom
I don't like her choices!
Me 21 M Dating 19 F Questioning if we should continue seeing each other
Letter i dont have the guts to show you (kinda long and depressing) WASTE OF YOUR TIME
Should I be trying to pursue this?
I think I [23F] really need a break from my fiancé [22M] and I don’t know how to ask for one for one.
If you cheat you are a pos.
Confused
I (21M) am having trouble coming to terms with my new girlfriends(19M) virginity, and how to proceed into our relationship.
Sanity sounding board
My brother (20 m) may be trans?
4 year relationship ended without closure
I [21F] am wondering if I should be marrying my fiance [24M].
My "girlfriend" [17F] has been fucking with my [14M] head, has she been doing it intentionally?
My best friend's partner cheated on me with her and I didn't stop it and I don't know what steps to take next in my life to get back on track
My (18M) girlfriend (18F) got angry when I asked if she could get dropped off at my house because I'm broke and have no gas right now .
I need serious advice because after almost a year of thinking what i should do im at a loss.
I (23F) am unsure whether to continue seeing this guy (23M); I’m afraid he’s just a rebound
i (20f) went to my boyfriend (21m) to vent and he just pushed me away.
Is this type of behavior normal with a fwb hook up or does he have feelings for me?[queue]
how 2 deal with being sensitive?
How to deal with sharing holiday traditions and time?
My (20f) friend (20f) is posting about a local tragedy to fish for sympathy, I called her out and now she won’t reply to me
Is this type of behavior normal with a fwb hook up or does he have feelings for me?
When a woman says "let's just be friends"
Torn between ex and current girlfriend
My "girlfriend" [17] has been fucking with my [14] head.
How often do you text your S/O
How can I (22F) develop a better relationship with my parents (50MF) while living at home?
Bump in the road.
I (18M) have a very toxic relationship with my mother (52F), and it has forced me to move into our garage.
I (24F) feel like a mother to my constantly negative boyfriend (25M)
My housemate (M) is concerned over his safety because of his controlling ex-gf... who is also his roommate.
I just broke up with my boyfriend, who I still love deeply and it's the first time I have been the one who ends it and it sucks
My (34M) girlfriend (31F) keeps "pranking" me by using out cats litter box for her own toilet needs, how can I repair our relationship?
mixed signals
Me [21 M] and my long-distance GF [21 F] of almost 3 years; I feel like an afterthought
Am I too needy?
My girlfriend wants to break up for college. Is there any hope?
Weirdly attracted to Australian accents all of a sudden?
My crush [24/F] didn't park her truck next to my car. Am I [23/M] overreacting.
I [24f] said something about my friend [24f] that I know is not necessarily public knowledge, and I feel awful about it.
My housemate (M) is concerned over his safety because of his controlling ex-gf/roommate.
(m17) Why do I question my love like this? Do I love her? (f16)
my [26f] ex [26m] keeps randomly texting me off a new number and won't say who he is, although I know it is him... wtf?
My [22M] girlfriend [19F] is hanging out with a guy a lot. How do I voice my concerns without coming off like a dick / extra jealous.
mixed signals
Am I [22F] worrying to much about my boyfriend [23m]?
My ex girlfriend (19) is making me (23) very confused
New to an open relationship
22f What to do
How do I keep a friendship with a girl that asked me out that I politely said no to?
I [22F] need some advice from an outside source about my boyfriend [23m]
my SO (19F) likes to hit me (20F) for fun
should i be concerned that my SO (19F) likes to box me (20F) for fun?
I (26m) confronted my little sister’s (22f) abusive boyfriend (24m). I think I might’ve made things worse.
Ready to move on
How do I keep a friendship with a girl who asked me out that I politely rejected?
My brother [33M] harasses me [23M] for money. Yet I can't afford to fund him while I feel bad because he's most likely going to die or need a transplant in 10 years
I [24M] need to delete her [24F] from my life, but I simply can't
Maybe a little something is missing, maybe? Maybe we should add some, well something.
Ex contacted me. Wants to me friends. [30s M&F]
I [19F] feel drained trying to help my depressed but rude friend [19M]
I [24M] need to delete her [24F] from my life, but I simply can't
My mom is lonely and depressed. I don’t know what to do.
I like the same girl as 2 of my friends should I feel bad? And would it be wrong if I dated her?
Woo Hoo!!!!
I [19F] I am trying my best to help my depressed friend [19M], but he's draining me and being rude to me
Ready to move forward
Husband says he's no longer attracted to me
My [21F] boyfriend [22M] is negative
Not sure what to make of our friendship now? Should I reach out? 24F/23F
I'd rather have a bottle in front of me than work for you...
My [21F] boyfriend [22M] is negative
Should I pursue a relationship with a chick who reminds me of an ex?
How do i (25f) stop being jealous of the amount of looks my bf (24m) gets
I'm (31M) leaving.
My [27M] girlfriend [24M] and I are having trouble with long distance. Advice?
[M/18] Should I try to patch things up with my [F/18] ex?[queue]
How a friend can turn into your ex’s new gf!
I (25F) am Getting Too Little Attention from my Boyfriend (33)
[M/18] Should I try to patch things up with my [F/18] ex?
My (30F) husband (31M) is angry that I'm paying my parents back for my education
Three is better than two
I (22/M) don’t think I want a girlfriend at this point in my life, becuase I’ll see her as an obstacle in me becoming the best I can be.
Would you date a man(29) who used to have a sexual past but is now waiting till marriage for sex?(personal/religious reasons)
Ready to move forward
Constantly think my girlfriend (23F) is cheating on me (21M)
25f with 28m 2 months, are these red flags?
Girlfriend (21) knows she's hot and sometimes acts really cringy about it
My (28m) FWB keeps offering to pay my bills then doesn't
My Friend [15M] wants to break up with gf [16F]
I (22/M) don’t think I want to have a girlfriend at this point in my life because I’ll see her as an obstacle in me becoming the best that I can be.
This could use a little more, well something.
I've (27F) been casually seeing a guy (44M). We are in a similar industry where it's standard to have a public profile with with your work history. I told him I looked his up and he was weird about it?
I (M33) met my dream girl(F30) but can’t take her societal views
How did you meet the love of your life?
I (19F) have been having feelings for a girl (21F) but I’ve been entirely straight my whole life.
Family thinks im selfish
My (29f) boyfriend (29m) filmed me without my consent as a joke
I (19f) am having feelings for a girl (21) but I’ve been entirely straight my whole life.
Would you respect a girl if she got back together with you?
My (28F) Mother-in-Law (70) is meeting people on social media and it’s making me uneasy
Incompatibility takes down a fairytale
Should I have told on my little brother?
My [24M] girlfriend [27M] gets mad at me when I don't come over
Me [22 M] with my girlfriend [24 F] 4 months, she told me she has herpes. What should I know?
I [26m] feel like my girlfriend [22f] lies when i ask her how she feels and never speaks up until last second not when something actually needs to be said. Has anyone else delt with someone like this?
I (M20) need advice on wether to break up with my current girlfriend (F20) before we each go away on holiday
Do I tell my girlfriend I was a virgin during our first time?
my SO(19F) likes to fight me, should i(20F) be concerned?
My (28F) Mother in Law (68F) met a U.S. Soldier in Afghanistan on Instagram and I’m uneasy about it
One of my best friends [18F] wanted to start a relationship with me [18M]. Should I do it?
Lost interest in sex to due hygiene
Should I (27F) always be paying for the meal when I meet with my father (56M) who never provided for me?
I (M20) need advice on wether to end it with current girlfriend (F20)
Insecurities eating at me (21F) after boyfriend (22M) cheated on me 10 months ago
Did I scare him (30) away or is it genuinely just because of his travelling and career insecurity?
Should I break up
I can't tell if I don't love her anymore or if my depression is blurring my opinion.
[21M] Breaking up with a suicidal girlfriend. [19F]
Ex-gf \ fwb [20F] is using me [20M] and driving me to self harm
Should I break up
Not interested in sex with boyfriend due to hygiene
I want my bf to sleep with other girls
How can I (18M) tell my love interest (17F) that I'd just prefer being alone?
I [29M] don’t want kids. My GF [27F] has always wanted kids but is willing to give that up to be together. I’m not sure how to feel about it
My (25M) mental and emotional issues are affecting my marriage (24F) and me.
How to avoid falling in love.
Confused where to go with my (20F) relationship with my boyfriend(21M) of 4 years. Do people change?
[21M] Breaking up with my depressed girlfriend [19F]
Housemate (M) is concerned for his safety because of his roommate (F). They're exes.
How can I (18M) tell my love interest (17F) that I'd just prefer being alone?
Gift for Hospitalized Ex
I (M19) am having real trouble getting over a girl (19F) but don't want to break our friendship.
Not interested in sex because of poor hygiene
One of my best friends [18F] wanted to start a relationship with me [18M]. Should I do it?
I (19M) think that my girlfriend’s mom (40) doesn’t like me.
Should i just dump him when I see him tomorrow? Me (28F) and Him (35M)
I [19M] visited a close friend [22M] in Germany, only to be ignored after an "argument" we had while drunk.
Housemate (M) is concerned for his safety because of his controlling roommate (F). They're also exes.
I [21M] need to break up with my girlfriend [25F] but need some help planning it out.
My [20M] housemate [27M] is a pushy conspiracy theorist and it's getting annoying.
My [24/F] SO [M/24] of ~7 years is very reluctant to get engaged and I don't understand.
Why does my sister in law (40sf) keep making up random lies about me (25f)?
I [18f] obliviously went on a rant about older dudes who still party with college students, in front of my teammate [20f] and her older boyfriend [30?m]
How to cut out toxic friends when multiple friends have committed suicide?
I (26m) confronted my little sister’s (22f) abusive boyfriend (24m). She is now refusing to speak to me and I think I may have made things worse.
My (30/F) ex best friend (30/F) has serious anger issues and I'm afraid she may be evil
I [21M] need to break up with my girlfriend [25F] but need some help planning it out.
My [24/F] SO [M/24] of ~7 years is very reluctant to get engaged and I don't understand.
I (31f) really hate the way my boyfriend (35m) proposed to me
My boyfriend (24M) liked photos of a girl on social media and lied to me(24F) about it
Parents don't want me to move
How many issues are too many? (32f, 38m)
Dose he like me, or is it just a really platonic friendship?
I (23 F) experience extreme anxiety when my boyfriend of 4 years (25 M) drinks and goes out late. How do I overcome this?
I (28F) think my boyfriend (28M) might be lying to me, but if he is it's such a strange and stupid thing to lie about that it makes no sense
Am I (20F) overreacting to my boyfriend (20M) of one year going to strip club without notice?
How hard are relationships for those in college?
My boyfriend (24M) liking pictures of other girls on social media
I [19M] am stumped on what to get my girlfriend [19f] for her birthday.
PLEASE HELP, URGENT. Caught my 13 year old brother smoking a cigarette, already told my mom but second guessing.
22f I think I’m still shocked he never reached out
Me [21M] and my girlfriend [21F] have been fighting a lot. How to know when to break up or stay together?
My director [40s/M] is considering me [26/M] and my good friend/coworker [40s/M] for the same position that we've both been working towards, how do I handle it?
Boyfriend (24m) doesn’t seem to consider me (19f) in situations the same as I do with him.
Stopped Putting in Effort with my GF(19) and am not sure if I've lost her
Girl takes ages to reply
Me [25M] with my girlfriend [24F] for 3 months, tried to "steal" a video from her phone & she lost her trust
I [24F] am trying to win my boyfriend [25M] back, is it even worth it?
Bf [22M] packs bags so I [24F] “open my eyes”
Dealing with depression and relationships
I (F22) want to stop thinking of my husband's (28M) ex
Boyfriend (27) of 9 months disagrees with finances
[Update] Should I [23M] stay with my girlfriend [22F]
My (24F) boyfriend (24m) of 3 years has a serious pattern of lying. Should I break up with him?
My (22M) gf (19F) stripped out of dare.
Bf (22M) packs bags so I (24F) “open my eyes”
Boyfriend [18m] left me [18f] for a girl who he says is "just like you", and I'm really struggling
[Update] Should I [23M] stay with my girlfriend [22F]
My girlfriend (21F) and I (24M) are trying LDR and I'm struggling
My girlfriend [27F] wrote an anonymous letter to one of my [27M] very good friends [26M] to tell him that his career goals are dumb. Is this something to break up over?
Boyfriend [18m] left me for someone who he says is "just like me", and I'm really struggling
How do i (21 f) get over him (26 m) dumping and blocking me?
How to grow from a moment of honesty that hurts
My girlfriend has a weird mindset and romanticizes abuse and abusive relationships.
How do I [19F] give up on a guy [22M] that's just way too much out of my league?
I [22F] am living in my hometown until Christmas. My childhood friend [23F] keeps asking me to see her, but it causes me an inordinate amount of stress because she treats me poorly. My parents want me to keep making excuses because they're friends with her parents, I want to cut her out.
What is an appropriate reaction for my boyfriend to have when I (22F) tell him (21M) I'm on my period
I [22F] am living in my hometown until Christmas. My childhood friend [23F] keeps asking me to see her, but it causes me an inordinate amount of stress because she treats me poorly. My parents want me to keep making excuses because they're friends with her parents, I want to cut her out.
I told my wife she's free to leave whenever she wants, if she's so unhappy.
I think my (21M) best friend (21F) is avoiding me. Are my concerns justified?
I [30 M] with my recent interest [31 F] of 3 months, am looking for jobs outside my current location. Not sure when/if I should bring that up.
Help with drive
My roommate [21f, of 2 years] is no longer speaking to me [22f] and I am not sure how to handle this
Working with wife on intimacy
What do you expect your partner to do?
I (22f) am pregnant and confused
What is an appropriate reaction for my boyfriend to have when I tell him I'm on my period?
Feeling generally negative about my relationship. F22 M25, 1+yrs
Why can’t I post
I (21F) am currently on an exchange program (erasmus) in France and I fell in love with one of my friends in my group (22M). The problem is, we’re going to finish our semester in less than 2 months from now and I don’t know what to do.
I (31F) am having a ludicrously over-the-top reaction to an innocuous question from my partner (29F) and need some perspective.
How do I make my boyfriend (27yo) grow up?
How should I [23M] pursue a romantic relationship with an old friend [23F]?
No sex recently
Me [18] and he is [22] love eachother very much but he has a girlfriend and a child :(
My girlfriend has a weird mindset and she romanticizes abuse and abusive relationships
I (31F) am having a ludicrously over-the-top response to my partner's (29F) innocuous question and need some perspective.
Should I [25F] keep being friends with my attached ex-roommate/friend [25M] ?
How do I make my boyfriend (27yo) grow up?
What is the appropriate reaction for my boyfriend (21M) to have when I tell him I'm on my period?
Please help me understand why my best friends are doing this to me...
Please help me understand why my best friends are doing this to me...
Please help me understand why my best friends are doing this to me...
Advice
My [19M] Relationship With My GF [19F] Has an Expiration Date
Not sure what I (M32) should do...
The girl I've (M23) liked (F23) for the past 7-8 months wants to flirt/date/have sex with other people while still being "with me" and can't understand why it bothers me
I [28M] am worried about sex life with my girlfriend [23F] of two years.
Not sure [25M] how to handle situation with friend [30f]
Need some outside perspective: I [F32] am satisfied having a superficial relationship with my MIL [F62] but she doesn't feel the same way
I [26F] cheated on my boyfriend [27M] within the first few weeks of our relationship. We've now been together 9 months. Should I tell him?
I (40m) know my wife (33f) loves me but don't feel she is in love with me anymore.
Me [30 M] with my decision between [29 F] and [27 F] Bit of an odd one...
My [30 M] girlfriend [24 F] of 2 years thinks she may be asexual and I don't know how to proceed. Advice?
My dad (62M) wants to get a job where I live and move in with me (26F)
I (25F) got kicked out of my boyfriend's (25M) friend group chat by another girl in the group (25F). How to deal with cliques as an adults.
Me [30 M] with my choice between a [29 F] or [27 F] - A bit of a strange one...
Fiance's [M26] brother [M32] was inappropriate to me [F23] at a family event, need advice about xmas
My gf (29F) met a new male friend (47M), he asked if she would have sex with him if I (27M) wasn't in the picture.
I (24M) love my girlfriend (24F), but I'm afraid that I may be too needy sometimes.
I've never felt this heartbroken before.
Partner(20F) and I(27M) have been dating for two years. She tells me she wants to go to Korea for 6 months, and I don’t know what to do about it.
Am I (18m) talking to a racist? (18f)
I (30m) havent dated in about 8 years. I have no idea what im doing. Was supposed to go out on a date with a girl, she bailed last minute but was keen on rescheduling. Havent heard from her since.
Get over an abortion
My dad lost his job and wants to get a new job near me and come live with me
Should I message him again I miss him so much.
I (30m) havent dated in about 8 years. Had a date planned with a girl, she bailed last minute but said she was keen to reschedule. Havent heard from her for a week.
Fiance's [26M] brother [31M] was inappropriate to me [23F] at family event - need advice on how to handle future family holidays
My [26F] boyfriend [31M] is bothered by the fact that none of my cats [2F, F, and M] have proper names
Am I (18m) talking to a racist? (18f)
My gf (29F) met a new male friend (47M), he asked if she would have sex with him if I wasn't in the picture.
Issue with my husband (please no harsh comments)
I really miss and love him
I have a girlfriend that I love and I like but I still feel like I need more
I [18M] want to get my ex [18F] back
My fiancée [27m] pressured me into an abortion a few months ago and I’m finding it hard to forgive and move past it.
Am I(23F) being too judgmental of him (22M)
#nofap killed my libido and now I can’t get it up with my new girlfriend
Friends “helped” me (19F) realize that my now ex-boyfriend (20M) took advantage of me. Don’t really know how to process this.
I (25F) am under contract to purchase a house with my partner (27F). I don't know if I love her. What should I do?
My (28/f) best friend (29/f) is making poor decisions with her life and I’m not sure how (or if) I can help her.
Can't help but feel that the clock is ticking...
How casual is our relationship? (F22) (M22)
My[28m] girlfriend [28f] decided she wants to break up out of the blue after living together for 6 months and starting a business together
2 of my exes (most recent) both had Erectile Dysfunction and I helped them overcome it but...
Was I [18M] wrong or is she [18F] sending mixed signals?
How would you react if your best friend (from the other gender) started dating your brother/sister
I got too lucky
Me [25 M] with my friend [23 F] have a roller coaster friendship and it's starting to hurt.
Pretty bummed out that I 28/f, "had to" break up with my bf 30/m because he said he doesn't want kids. What now?
My [24M] girlfriend [23F] can be too needy and it's making me resent her (repost with TL;DR)
Should I be giving my [26M] troubled younger brother [24M] handouts?
Friend (20) said my (20) father’s didn’t matter in an argument. Do I forgive her?
Not sure what to do?
The kids talk
I have a girlfriend that i love and like but i still feel like i need more
/bad kids and dont suck dick
How would you react if your best friend (from the opposite sex) started dating your brother/sister?
I (48f) desperately could use some moral support regarding breaking up (48m)
Her picture in my wallet still gets me goosebumps. She looks beautiful.
I (24F) feel like I’m being taken for granted by my boyfriend (29M) and I don’t know how to talk to him about it.
Am I (23 F) being too judgmental of him (22 M)?
Manipulative Behavior?
Is my ass really small?
Ordinary teenage problem with extraorindary length
HEEELLLPPPPP! Me (17f) had note for crush (17 m) and trying to give it to him flopped. Advice?
#nofap killed my libido and now I can’t get it up with my new girlfriend
My [24M] girlfriend [23F] can be too needy and it's making me resent her
(22M) Don't know how to even start dating, can barely even start anything
How do I (25F) get over an emotionally abusive relationship
Am I being too judgmental?
Ordinary teenage story with extraordinary length.
My (26F) boyfriend (26M) is moving and most likely won’t come back. Do we end things now or later?
What does 'casually dating' mean? (30M w/ 25F)
Confused
My [F 25] boyfriend [M 28] of three years doesn't brush his teeth, and it's affecting my attraction towards him.
I [M26] found out my wife [F27] has been cheating.
My (26F) boyfriend (26M) is moving away and might never come back. Do we end things now or later?
My [14F] boyfriend [16M] is clingy and unstable
Seems like my (m26) friend (f23) is uncomfortable and want to avoid me
Is this sketchy behavior and should I be mad at my girlfriend for this? (18M/18F)
So I (F20) proposed to my boyfriend (21) and got rejected. Is our relationship worth saving.
My girlfriend (27F) is increasingly unhappy with my long time dream/new hobby and has given me (25M) an ultimatum
Was I clingy or did he respond poorly?
Confused
I (24/M) don't understand this relationship with my friend (23/M)
clingy unstable bf
Boyfriend (35m) is always in a bad mood because of his job and takes it out on me (32f)
Kids talk
Marriage, race, and infidelity... All things that destroyed my 5 yr relationship with my best friend
I'm [22M]thinking of breaking up with my "girlfriend" [22F] because I think I'm the second option and she wants to get on with a friend of hers
Am I [23f] being irrational about our relationship?
Cuffing Season approaching
I [21F] caught my boyfriend [26M] emotionally cheating multiple times. Now he's about to physically cheat on me, and he doesn't know I know.
I feel a sudden darkness in me (HELP! ha ha ha!)
Why do I always get rejected when I have a crush ? [23 M]
Was I clingy or did he respond poorly?
I (25M) have been talking to a great (27F) for the last few weeks. Shes afraid in going to ghost her. What can I do to reassure her?
I (20/m) go on my first date ever with girl(19/f). Next day she does complete 180 on me. Why?
Hanging out with a girl I met recently, while having a GF
My Boyfriend 27M asks me 25F what is wrong constantly (when there is nothing at all wrong) and doesnt believe me when i tell him there is nothing wrong, how should i respond when i am completely fine and have no issues?
My partner [32M] of 18 months has accused me [26F] of cheating after thinking he heard someone in the background of a phone call.
I (20/m) went out on my first date ever with girl (19/f). We had fun but next day she does complete 180.
About to lose long distance girlfriend?
Birthday disappointments 19f&19m
Friend (25f) didn't buy me (26f) a birthday gift.
Facebook announcement
I (30m) am going on trip (40 days) and am wondering how it will impact my gf (31f) and I's relationship. Have you ever had an SO go out of town for an extended time? How long was it? How did you cope and how did it feel when they returned?
uni house - idk what to do?
Why has no guy ever liked me (18F) in my life?
Shocked
M(21) Not sure if I want to have a relationship or not, could really use some advice
I have feelings for my FWB
Is this a bad time for me [25M] to ask her [24F] out?
I (M/24) don't get this relationship with my friend (M/23) and need help moving on
I (25M) really like this (22F), but there are somedays where I just can’t tell if she feels the same..
My (22F) friend (19M) is causing problems in our friend group and wants me to choose sides
Why has no guy ever liked me in my life?
Guy from Uni won´t stop invading my personal Space
uni house - idk what to do
Have you ever had an SO go out of town for an extended time? How long was it? How did you cope and how did it feel when they returned?
I (25M) finally learned that I can't fix her (24F), but I can fix THIS!
My [25F] sex life with my boyfriend [30M] has fizzed out, and we want to fix it.
My (29yoF) ex (30yoM) and I have a daughter together (4yo). We have been broken up for 2 years. His brother (25yoM) and I have been dating for a year and I just found out I’m pregnant. My ex doesn’t even know that we are dating. Why do I feel so guilty? What do I do?
Am I [20M] being reasonable in my reaction to my friend [20F]
My[30 M] wife [26 F] thinks she needs a dildo
[26F] taking a "break" from boyfriend [28M] of 2 years
I [18m just turned 18 and my partner [16f] is (obviously) still 16. Should I be worried about getting in trouble?
should i tell my ex i still have feelings?
I (M29) and my wife(F28) of 10 years have changed our religious beliefs dramatically. Need advice on how/if to reveal my agnosticism.
i'm lucky?
1 (25M) finally learned that I can't "fix them" BUT I can fix this!
My[31M] girlfriend[32F] is still married.
I [25F] moved to a new city to be with my boyfriend [30M] but things are fizzing out
I [20M] am unhappy with my girlfriend [19F] but scared to leave
Am I [20M] being reasonable in my reaction to my friend [20F]
I [18m] just turned 18 and my partner [16f] is still (obviously) 16. Should I be worried about getting in trouble?
Opinions (M/16) (F/16)
I [F24] started dating him[M26] and he got upset about old relationship pictures on social media
Me (M29) and my wife (F28) are no longer the same religion. Need advice on how to proceed.
I'm so very very happy?
I[23 M] just found out that my partner[19 FtM] of 3 months is trans from a social media that she doesn't know I check
I [27F] recovering from heartbreak from [27M]. How do I move on after a five year relationship?
Advice needed
Crazy love story!
Men with girlfriends: How often do you still use porn? I'm [22F] worried my boyfriend [23M] is addicted.
Me [F24] recently dating him [M26] talked about old ex's pictures being on social media
I [29F] woke up to my boyfriend [35M] grabbing my throat last night
I [18F] feel like my Boyfriend [22M] takes advantage of how much I forgive him and for my patience with him. What should I do?
Opinions (M/17)
Boyfriend(29) wont have sex with me(28f)
Men with girlfriends: How often to you still use porn? I'm concerned that my boyfriend (23M) is addicted.
(20M) keeps playing with my (20F) Emotions.
Have I [26F] overreacted to this situation with my boyfriend [27M] and his coworker [23F]??
I [28M suspect my gf [26F] of 3 years of being unfaithful.
My spouse (30F) is really messy and I (28F) don’t know what to do anymore
I [28M] would like my girlfriend [21F] to start exercising.
Best friend's flatmate!
My (29yoF) ex (30 yoM) and I have a child together (4yo). We have been broken up for 2 years. Im not pregnant with his brothers (25yoM) baby.
Anyone for phone sex?
I[23 M] just found out that my partner[19 FtM] of 3 months is trans from a social media that she doesn't know I check...
My (29yo F) ex (30 yo M) and I have a child together (4yo). I have been dating his brother (25 yo M) for a year and I just found out I’m pregnant
What should i [19 M] do with him [19 M]?
How to remain friends with an EX
Loving someone but not feeling emotional support F(19) M(23)
I [24F] can’t decide if I should spend thanksgiving with my mom [42F] or not
i (25m) wanna get back with my ex( 21f) or at least see how she's been.
I [26F] think my boyfriend [33M] used my personal tragedy for personal gain
Uh, okay?
Dating someone with a learning disability
My bf [21M] just learned about the “cohabitation effect” in class and I [21F] am very scared
Is my mom a narcissist, an alcoholic or both?
My family vacation is falling apart.
Where Should I live after school?
My girlfriend (24) said today that she is visiting the psychologist due to me (25)
I have a kid with my ex- I’m dating his brother and we are pregnant
I (24F) can’t decide if I should see my mom (42F) for thanksgiving or not
I (25F) think that my SO (32M) is crossing the line and I don't know what to do
Not sure if the relationship between my girlfriend [29f] and I [32m] is over or not
Abusive Relationship 28F/43M. I can't leave
How to tell my (27F) friend (24F) that she can't bring her boyfriend (30sM)
Family Vacation Plans Ruined?
[21F] [21M] How long did it take to fall in love when you both are two different people?
Is my mother a narcissist, an alcoholic or both?
I (24F) haven't spoken to my Dad (46M) in 7 years.
Work Employee-Manager Issue
I [19M] am scared that I’m too emotionally attached to my dog
I [19M] in my first relationship dont know what is too much information.
Am I (F16) a bad person for asking my friend (F16) to reimburse 150$ for my phone screen she broke?
Me [32 F] with my husband [31 M] for 11 years, my baby fever feels like a prison sentence for him
I (30f) have an immature crush on my virtual coworker (30m).
Kicked out my 17 year old son
The “is my SO cheating on me?” starter pack [X-Post /r/starterpacks]
(F,22) My (M 25) boyfriend seems to think since I am bi, he can look at every women because "I am doing it too."
I (24F) haven't spoken to my Dad (46M) in over 7 years. It still feels unresolved, and I still hold a bunch of anger towards him/his wife (38F)
[21F] [21M] How long did it take to fall in love when you both are two different people?
Me [36F] soliciting advice on how to handle awkward situation with work friend [36M]
Should I (20F) send him (21M) nudes?
asdgggg
He (20M) has history with my (18F) sister
All of my boyfriend's friends/roommates hate me
28 (M) and 22 (F) chose a date to end things. Should we stick with it?
Friend is stonewalling and won't communicate
Am I [m29] fucking up by not getting back with ex [f29] after she broke up with me?
I [29F] have been seeing a new guy [32M] and things are going great, is posting a picture of me kissing him on the cheek too much too soon? Should I wait until we are more serious?
How long did it take to fall in love when you both are two different people?
My [21F] roommate [21M] created a chore chart
im so done ugh
Me (M21) not sure about relationship (F19)
Should I (28m) assume my gf (35f) cheated on me?
(M/26) Recently developed very strong feelings for someone...how to tone it down?
I don’t think I (19F) can personally tolerate my girlfriend’s (22F) mother. How do I manage this emotion when we’re living with her?
My (27F) good friend (31M) suffers from SAD and insomnia and I don’t know what I can do to help....but I want to help.
My boyfriend's friends ALL hate me
I (21M) am forever alone and its starting to take a toll on me. Please give me advice.
I [21f] need help getting over childhood verbal abuse from father
(M/26) Recently developed very strong feelings for someone...how to tone it down?
My (27F) good friend (31M) suffers from insomnia and SAD....I don’t know what I can do to help, but I want to help
M34 and F33 - Communication issues or am I crazy?
I[23M] have a feeling that I've lost my chances with her [20F]
I don’t think I (F19) can personally tolerate my gf’s (F22) family’s anymore. Am I being selfish or is this an understandable emotion?
Im scared to tell my boyfriend the truth
My ex [25 M] has come back and apologized for leaving me [27 F] and wants me back...
I (21M) am so lonely every time I see a cute girl I get depressed.
my best friend (26f) is having a baby and there’s no way i (28f) can support her
M34 and F33 - Communication issues or am I being stupid?
I [27F] Don't Know if I Can Deal With His [26M]Mental Illness Anymore
Broke up with my girlfriend, and I’m unsure of what to do next.
I (29f) split with my fiancee (29m) , how do we talk to our 3 year old about it.
Should I (28m) assume my gf (35f) cheated on me?
[21F] [21M] How long did it take to fall in love when you both are two different people?
I need some help with the sexual part of my relationship
I really need advice [M27] [F21]
best friend (26f) is having a baby and there’s no way i can support it (28f)
I (M32) would like everybody's opinion with the situation I currently have with a girl (F28)
My boyfriend [M,27] loves me [F,27] but his parents tell him I’m not good enough
Trouble while I'm (30F) at work and she's (31F) at home.
Is it weird/uncommon to exchange Christmas gifts with a FWB?
How long did it take to fall in love when you both are two different people?
My (23F) husband’s (30M) therapist is crossing boundaries and it is detrimental to our marriage
I love my boyfriend but his parents don’t love me
[22m] too reliant on others for my own happiness - any advice?
My [M28] girlfriend [F29] of 6 years cheated on me
How long did it take to fall in love when the both of you are two different people?
My SO has completely let himself go and I’m no longer sexually attracted to him at all. He doesn’t care about his appearance one bit and it bums me out. I’ve tried talking to him about it several times and he just doesn’t give a shit. I don’t know what to do.
Telling partner I'm going to get counselling
Help with a decision
My [18M] girlfriend [17F] is more talented than me and I feel insecure.
Have fallen in LOVE with a single mom that lives in another country. Need advice on communication
My [45M] daughter [16F] hasn't spoke to me in 3 days because she's angry at me. How do I resolve this?
Is my friend too sensitive or am I a jerk?
Disproportionate Reaction?
Anyone else really lonely??
Help with a decision
I (25f) think I need a break from my crazy selfish sister (26f)
Me (25f) and my boyfriend (26m) have been together for 5 years and were friends before that. For the past year he has been like a different person and seems to be in a bad mood all the time.
Have fallen in LOVE with a single mom that lives in another country. Need advice on communication
Telling partner I'm going to counselling
Feel like my bf doesnt do much legwork in our relationship. I feel like he just sits around and waits for me to come around or make a plan but doesnt do much else, seems like small things but I feel upset.
Anyone else really lonely?? Need to vent
Did I (22F) friend zone my boyfriend (24M)?
I think my (f27) boyfriend (M24) might have cheated on me. Should I contact the other girl (F24)
Have any of you gotten back together with someone you broke up with? What made you think it would work out a second time, and did it?
My (29M) girlfriend (28F) of 9 months followed one of her old Tinder matches to Instagram.
My crush (21M) and I (20F) got into a fight. What's the next step?
Have I (22F) friend zoned my boyfriend (24M)?
Simple but magical Xmas gift for my wife
I(25f) think I need a break from my selfish sister (26f)
My boyfriend just turned 31 and has been part of some high profile sexscanal, what to do?!
"I need words" - My wife (30f) keeps telling me she needs me (31m) to tell her how I feel, but I can't ever seem to think of what to say.
I don’t stand up for myself and I tolerate family functions where my abuser is present. My mom knows about the abuse but doesn’t want to acknowledge it. I only want to see my family. I wish he wasn’t going to be there.
Need advice [29m ending 3 month dating with 28f]
A complicated situation with my ex [20 F] I need advice asap
My [28m] girlfriend [27f] of 3 years wants to have a TV in our room but I hate the idea. How to work it out?
How to get over a breakup?
My (30F) husband (30M) is never home and I’m super lonely.
A complicated situation. I need advice.
secrets of a successful relationship
When you don't get closure, it feels like you're not done with your issue
Ever heard about your love being too much for a person?
My [30f] relationship to [33m] bf seems too boring for marriage to him, but he does nothing about it.
Dating predicament and want advice
Told a friend(30F) a personal secret and now everyone knows.
Another student (20?F) yelled at me (26 F) in front of our professor (F)
My [28m] girlfriend [27f] of 3 years wants to have a TV in our room but I hate the idea. How to work it out?
My brother [31M] is on his 4th engagement and my parents [60M, 58F] enable him
A complicated situation. I need advice
My girlfriend [27/F] of 2.5 years told me [25/M] during a talk that we should pretend to be a "happy couple" like it would solve are problems. It's not and I really need advice.
My ex [27M] and I [22F] saw his therapist together several times when we dated and I feel she acted unprofessionally. What should I do?
My relationship [30f] to bf [33m] never seems good enough for marriage to bf.
Brother [31M] still lives at home, is currently on his 4th engagement and my parents [60M, 58F] enable it
Me [26F] with my BF [28M] of 1.5yrs- his following of sexy Instagram models makes me feel crushed and worthless. How do I accept this and move past it?
Made a huge mistake
I (31 M) Don't Want to Host a Christmas Party with Both My Friends (27 - 31 M & F) and my Gf's (31 F) Friends (29 - 31 F)
[22F] attracted to [32M] married man
I (21M) need my sister (20F) to leave the house
Three years later and bf (25m) has never said he loves me (24f). Am I crazy for wanting to break up for this?
Bf (25m) talks to friend from Tinder a lot. Should I be suspicious?
I (28F) always feel trapped and lose interest in relationships, even open ones.
[21M] Cute girl at the library I see every other day: How do I go about doing this?
Boyfriend (25M) talks to friend from Tinder a lot. Wondering if I (21F) should be suspicious or not?
A complicated situation. I need advice
I (31 M) Don't Want to Bring My Friends (27 - 31, M & F) Around My Gf's Friends (29 - 31 F)
[24M] Have I ruined things with my colleague [28F]?
I[24F][asexual] am feeling exhausted from my girlfriend[25F][allosexual] of three years' depression and anxiety.
I (28F) always feel trapped in relationships, even open ones. Psychoanalyze me.
Am I the asshole?
My [16F] dad [47M] is racist, but he's nice to everyone. I don't get that.
Am I (M22) putting more effort into the relationship than my GF (F24)?
[24M] Have I ruined things with my colleague [28F]?
Am I [23F] moving on too fast?
[23 M] My wife [21 F] is lying to me about something not so big, but she's sticking to the lies and I feel betrayed.
Am I crazy?
How do I [M26] stop thinking about my ex [F29] and her new boyfriend [M27]?
Do I (24M) sacrifice my career prospects for my girlfriend (22F)?
Have I ruined things?
Shalu..
I (24f) told a man while out clubbing that I was single, but im not, SO (29m)
My (21F) (Former?) Best Friend/Roommate (20F) Locked Me Out
Who Is an Ideal Man for Women? I know the answer
My boyfriend expects expensive gifts
I [29F] feel my husband [34M] took advantage of me but he disagrees.
I hate but also still love my ex husband at the same time.
Should I tell him that he may have a partial phimosis ?
Do I (24M) sacrifice potential career prospects to be with my girlfriend (22F)?
My [22m] ex [20f] slept with her ex a few days after we broke up and wants me back now.
Boyfriend (24M) has bragged to me (23F) about cheating in past relationships.
My [29F] boyfriend [29M] is sweet but won’t talk about feelings
Should I tell him that he may have a partial phimosis ?
Who Is an Ideal Man for Women? I know the answer
I made a new friend in college, don’t know how to explain that I need space alone sometimes
Bad early love experiences has left as a barley functioning adult.
I have just made a friend in college but don’t know how to tell them I need space sometimes
My [23M] bf makes inappropriate jokes sometimes, especially when he's drunk. Am I [25F] right in telling him to stop or am I overreacting?
I’m scared of men and women and I don’t know how to have healthy relationship.
Ex cuddled with another guy while we were broken up
My partner was accused of sexual assault
I can’t get into a relationship because I’m scared of men and women.
My (F24) Boyfriend (25M) reminded me what love is
How can I(19f) break up with someone (20m) when they have done absolutely nothing wrong?
I am a 27 year old male virgin. Never been in a relationship. Is it a red flag?
[deleted by user]
Having a fall out with a friend
How long were you together before either one of you proposed?
Coworkers making fun of me what should I do? Being asked if I eat every 2-3 hours and questioning me what did I eat... Harassment?
I (30F) am ONLY sexually attracted to one type of man
He wants a relationship with me but with no commitment. Not sure wtf I should do (or what I want). Help 🙈
My [26] fiance has been acting scary and weird for days now
Bf (m/24) looking up pictures of my former colleague (f/21) on Instagram after we had a fight about him following her
Coworkers making fun of me? Is there anything I could do? I made a joke and it’s used against me.
I (23 F) just broke off my first relationship (4+ years) and need help moving forward
I(21F) think (34M) might be ghosting me after a couple of dates. Is it ok to send this follow up?
Gained 30 pounds, now my boyfriend says he doesn't know if he is attracted to me.
[deleted by user]
I (23F) just broke off my first relationship and need help moving forward
I [23 M] suck at conflicts with my SO [22 M/F] of two and a half years
My [26M] ex friend with benefits [23F] felt in love with me before i did with her, she decided to stop talking to me, after that i realized that she was the one, so I tried to get in touch with her again but she still doesn't want us to talk. Should i say hello to her if we meet by chance?
I (31f) hate the way my fiance (35m) proposed to me
I [23M] think I rely too much on my friends [23-25M/F] opinions and feelings
Harassment?
I suck at conflicts
I'm [24F] not allowed/invited to Christmas with my family, which includes alcoholic father [50sM]
Form of Harassment?
How to contact my ex and be friends again
Do I sacrifice potential career prospects to maintain my relationship?
I [25F] read what my boyfriend [25M] wrote to his ex-girlfriend and need advice on how to go on from here.
Found out via Facebook guy (35M) I've (30F) been seeing started a relationship with someone else.
My (M23) girlfriend (F27) moved country for work and met a guy in a bar, gave him her number and now wants to have him as her friend. Also thinks she has to make friends in anyway possible. Should I be okay with this?
People fall in love with their best friend, not their only friend.
How to contact my ex and be friends again
My (21m) gf (20f) seems to have no resilience to any negativity in her life, anxiety/depression?
My girlfriend [28F] is always negative. I [31M] have reached my limit.
My (M23) girlfriend (F27) moved away for work. Met a guy in a bar and gave him her number who she now defends as her only friend. Tries to justify why it should be ok for her to do this, do you think this is ok?
(20F) new to dating (39M), what is the protocol here?
My girlfriend [28F] is always negative. I [31M] have reached my limit.
I (23F) am supposed to be my cousin’s (23F) maid-of-honor, but I absolutely hate her fiancé (27M). It all came to a head last night.
I (27M) suffer with serious anxiety over what my partner (25F) is wearing when we are out together
How do I [30F] navigate different love languages with my parents [50s]?
(20f) new to dating (39M), what is the protocol here?
i don't know why boys always cheats girls?
I've (27M) been struggling with anxiety over how my partner (25F) dresses when we are out together
I (19m)moved in with my 19yo girlfriend but i feel like it was a mistake
I don't know, why boys always cheats girls?
My wife (28F) turns me (28M) down for oral.
Me [26F] and my hubby [30M] i think my hubby have a afraid of sex
Concerned[25m] about my wife [23] and her ex.
Wife turns me down for oral.
How do I bounce back? [A little TMI]
I (F28) have had an on/off relationship with my boyfriend (M29) for two years. I am no longer sure I want to be with him now he’s serious about us.
I (18F) am casually hooking up with someone (20M) who may be in a long distance relationship
I (25M) decided to move abroad for adventure. My ExGf (26F) of 4-5 years decided she didn't want to travel. Tried LDR, it didn't work. Now I miss her... what to do?
(Not sure if correct flair) I(M27) want to start a clean slate with a girl (21) i "broke up with" almost a year ago
Concerned[25m] about my wife [23]and her ex.
I think i made a huge mistake
I'm [30M] and I think my married friends [31F] and [40M] might be sizing me up for threesome/swinging?
A one-sided relationship of me(22) with a girl(21)
My bf [21M] just learned about the cohabitation effect and now I’m [21F] very worried
Me (23) boyfriend (21) doesn't have an patience with me and deals with conflict differently, unsure how to move forwards
My bf [21M] learned about the “cohabitation effect” today and now I [21F] am very worried
Concerned about my wife and her ex
What should I do if even after more than 2 years together, my parents still do not approve of my relationship due to the age gap and keeps asking me to break up with him? (24F, 19M)
Me [29 M] with my friend [26 F] 2 months, moved in with a girl,awkward situation
Female (19F) insecure about relationship with ex (19M) - Is it pathetic to ask questions like "do you really care about me?" "do you still love me"?
[UPDATE] I [24F] have been in a relationship with [27M]. Today someone [20sM] approached me and I just didn't tell him that I had a boyfriend.
An irrational fear
I [20F] resent my boyfriend [30M] for the changes that happened to my body after abortion and it doesn't help that he constantly points it out
My (19f) boyfriend (20f) asks me occasionally if he should work out to look more attractive to me. How do i encourage him to do so without making insecure?
Conflicted about whether I (F23) should leave my boyfriend (24M)
I'm (25, M) together with my GF (27,F) for 5 years - she wants an answer regarding children
Husband staying over at Ex's
I am (F23) conflicted on whether I should leave my boyfriend (23M).
domestic violence help my girlfriend (21F) is harassing me (50sM)
[NSFW][Serious] Problems in bed after roughly one month in a relationship
What’s a baseline in how much people see each other in a new relationship? Having a hard time figuring out what’s average as I seem to get clingy really fast in relationships
[Update] My (M26) recent ex-girlfriend (F34) who I think I still love and broke up with for logistical reasons has moved on and I feel lost and don’t know what to do.
Conflicted if I (F23) should stay or leave him (M24).
Should i tell my family what i want for birthday?
domestic violence help
My {65yo} father sees me{29yo} as a waste of space in this earth
I know, I know. Cheating is bad
Are things worth salvaging at this point? (19F 20M)
Need some advice
I [21F] don’t know how to tell him [22M] that I like him (or if I should)
Me (30M) in love with my best friend (25F) and I don't know what to do
My gf (16f) is going off the deep end with depression and even wants to break up with me (18m) so it “will hurt less when she’s gone”
I [25 M] broke up with my first serious girlfriend [25 F] because of her mood swings, but I feel guilty about it. Should I talk to her?
My (23F) Girlfriend and I (21M) Have Agreed to An Open Relationship. Now It's as if She's Consumed by It and I'm Confused of What to Think
I (2X M) have been talking to a girl (2X F) consistently until our date last weekend. She said shes not ready for a relationship and needs some space but still wants to talk and be friends. I really like her and do not want to lose contact with but dont know how to proceed. How do I proceed?
I thought we (26F, 31M) were serious but she just referee to us as casual
Watching Porn over Sex
My girlfriend [30f] told me she is going to let her friend [30m] back into her life because she needs him as a friend
Is it weird to have a picture drawn of your crush?
I 21 m feeling down, unmotivated recently
my partner (m19) beat me and sexually assaulted me but i still love him. please help.
I [F22] was offered sex from my co-worker [M21]. I declined because I am in a 4 year long, happy relationship with my boyfriend [M24] but now I can't stop fantasizing about him.
I'm(20M) in love with my asexual friend(21F)
My friend[25,m] leave me[25,m] alone when I needed him. But..
I [19M] love my girlfriend [20F] but I have desires to get with other women
What would you say to a biological parent you’ve never met?
Is it weird to not want to travel by yourself? My boyfriend [27/M] finds it odd that I [26F] personally would never want to do that.
My girlfriend [30f] told me she is going to let her friend [30m] back into her life because she needs him as a friend
I 21 M have been sleeping a lot, feeling very unmotivated
WANTED U
Adult "movies" over being physical
My(F19) boyfriend(M19) feels he isnt enough for me, and that someone else could love me better. Advice?
Boyfriend (18m) and I (18f), stopped sexting, and it makes me feel lonely, missing how we used to be, regretful, etc. Am I too sexual for him?
I (23/F) am worried about my future relationships
Love is a bitch
What would you say to you’re biological parent you’ve never met?
Boyfriend (18m) and I (18f) stopped sexting and it makes me feel lonely, missing the past, etc. Am I too sexual for him?
I messed up. My gf was expecting me and I took longer than I should have. I really like her alot, how can I make it up to her?
My (25F) long-distance boyfriend (25M) suggested an open relationship
Did I overreact?
M[34] with my short-term ex? F[35], trying to figure out why she has "doubts" and then just walks away.
Is My Date (33M) Interested in Me (23F) or not???
At least once a month I (30M) have to convince my girlfriend (28F) not to commit suicide.
I [23M] have been nonstop thinking about my ex[21F] and feel like I had closure
My friend (Young 20s) has turned into a terrible person and I (young 20s as well) want to help.
Female (19F) insecure about relationship with ex (19M) - Is it pathetic to ask questions like "do you really care about me?" "do you still love me"?
Did I overreact?
My [19F] sister [20F] said something unforgivable and tore our family apart
At least once a month I (30M) have to convince my girlfriend (28F) not to commit suicide.
My wife (28 F) won't have sex with me (31 M) while we're staying in her parents' home. I'm totally confused about this.
My (25F) boyfriends (25M) ex won’t leave us alone, what should I do?
My friend (young 20s) has turned into a terrible person and I (young 20s as well) want to help.
Did I overreact?
Is it to late for me (31M) to start a relationship with someone given my inexperience?
Is it pathetic to ask questions like "do you really care about me?" "do you still love me"?
My boyfriend [22M] doesn’t make me[21F] feel good enough.
I (26M) how to answer this question without hurting the relation?
I [19M] hit my girlfriend [19F] out of anger after an argument. What do I do?
Me 27(m) just lost the love of my life. (F) and i hope its not to late to bring her back home. Help me convince her.
Is my girlfriend cheating on me?
Me(M17)and my boyfriend(M18) of two years broke up, I don’t feel anything.
My boyfriend [21M] compliments other woman more than he compliments me [20F]
To my ex
Me (25 M) and girl I've been seeing (24 F), she's moving away for a while. Need advice.
Everyone in my life is telling me(25F) to break up with my boyfriend(26M)
Is my girlfriend cheating on me?
(22f) I’ve never been in a real relationship and Its been so long since I’ve even dated someone any advice?
I'm 24 m and I need to stop myself from being jealous of my ex F 22
I [15M] have feelings for a girl [15F] that I don't have any classes with.
My boyfriends ex won’t leave us alone
[deleted by user]
Do I need to move out?
I (23F) went through BF's (22M) phone and found flirty messages. Is he crossing the line or am I being too insecure?
I (25F) know my now ex (29F) wanted to stay with the girl she cheated on me with
How do I[24f] fix my relationship with my sister[27f]
Advice for my hurt friend.
I (17M) can't tell if my friend (17 F) is into me or is just being nice?
Need advice to give friend.
Need advice on what to tell friend
I (20f) think my boyfriend (26m) is too nice.
I need help with knowing my Girlfriend's true feelings
My bf (28m) hasn't told his family about me (25f) and that is resulting in us seeing less of each other.
Verbal abuse
My (14m) dad (60sM) abuses(?) me when he is drunk, but I cannot survive without him.
I [23F] would like to date my lab instructor [47M]. Advice would be deeply appreciated!
Cut my [28F] losses or try to work it out with [31M]?
Crushing on a male friend who has a girlfriend..
I (23F) have a rocky relationship with BF (27M). We both smoke and lately it's causing fights.
My boyfriend has zero initiative.
Soft taps on leg under table
I (25M) am curious what might have caused my now ex-girlfriend (25F) to want to break up and if I should let it go or put the pursuit on hold
[Update] My (21F) fiancé (22m) regrets us getting a puppy. Not sure where to go for here?
Why does this happen?
(29M) My girlfriend (25F) spent a night in bed (no sex) with her best friend (25F). They have a sexual history together. Am I right to be upset about this?
What’s his (22m) problem? Should I change my approach? (22f)
Ghosted by siblings
I don't know whether I (21F) should leave him(26M)?
My boyfriend has zero initiative.
I’m the boss’s daughter, I can’t handle the constant worry that I’m not smart enough or actually liked by my coworkers.
What are some tips that helped you get a date?
Females hate me [20M] Please help.
My [26F] boyfriend [32M] of two years is talking to "the girl that got away" again.
Is it wrong for me[20F] to get my bf[M21] a Christmas gift even though we said we weren’t going to exchange any this year?
My close friend (30m) got blind drunk and is now being threatened by a girl (27f) who says he was inappropriate to her.
Ghosted by younger siblings
Am I [37M] being unreasonable to expect an intimate relationship with my wife [35F] after 13 years & with two kids? [Follow up post, thanks for your comments guys]
HELP! defcon 2
I haven't had a date in years what can I do to change that?
Me (17M) and my girlfriend (16F) have been happily dating for about half a year. I leave her for the summer, college, etc. in 6 months and we’ve agreed to break off the relationship at that time.
Help, my close friend (30m) got really drunk one night at a bar and a girl (27f?) he knew is now telling everyone he was forceful and then later claimed he raped her. She is now threatening him. What can he do?
I (19F) don’t think I’ll ever feel enough
Is there really such a thing as the 'one for you?
I don't know whether I (21F) should leave him(26M)?
I (20 F) have been seeing this guy (?? M) around campus all semester and we finally hooked up
Relationship pretzel
am I (20f) acting crazy?
I (19M) have to spend 7 months with a girl whom I love, but does not love me. Help, I'm going to break!
I'm 19 and My girlfriend(19) says she has lost feelings for me
Girlfriend Going Away for college??
My friend had sex in the heat of the moment and regrets it, and now she's telling everybody she feels weird and is violated
Can't tell if I (22M) want to break up with my girlfriend (20F), or if it's just my depression.
My (27F) brother (29M) is having a crisis - now we’re not sure where he is, how can I convince him to speak to us?
I (19M have to spend 7 more months with a girl(20F) whom I love, but does not love me. I've never felt this bad and I'm scared I will break.
I [30 M] want to divorce my wife [31 F] of 3 years, Nerve and timing are a problem
Should I leave my wife or keep working on marriage
After she (23F) made my life hell for three years, all I (27M) want is revenge
My ex [17F] and I [18F] are FWB but I think we both want to get back together
Boyfriend [24M] is paranoid about me [21F] cheating on him.
My [23/f] Ex-Boyfriend [20/m] committed suicide recently, I do not know how to handle it.
[deleted by user]
Friend's (21F) brother in law (32M) took pictures of her in the bath. She hasn't told anyone besides me and needs advice on what to do.
I (19M) have to spend 7 months with a girl(20F) whom I love, but does not love me. I've never felt this bad.
I [30 M] want to divorce my wife [29 F], Timing and nerve are a problem.
One of my (21F) boyfriend's (21M) best friends (22M) is kind of a shitty person, but bf still wants to be friends with him.
After she (22F) treated me like shit for three years I (27M) feel the need to ruin her life.
Not enough effort?
My [23/f] Ex-Boyfriend [20/m] committed suicide recently, I do not know how to handle it.
Hopeless romantic lol
I have a really bad relationship with my dad and I don’t know how to fix it
I get really lazy with people [20m].
Need Advice!!
Senior (18M) in highschool & have a crush (17F) in my grade.
I miss my friend so much. Don’t know how to get over the break up.
My boyfriend (M25) reminded me what love actually feels like (F24)
My (20F) former best friend (19F) texts me this apology a year after our fallout and I'm feeling conflicted on whether not I should finally reply
Senior (18M) in high school & have a crush (17F) in my grade.
Is all dating like this?
Should I (24f) contact my exes (27m and 23m) and tell them I was unfaithful?
When should I (16M) ask her (?F) to hang out?
I have a crush (16M) on my closest friend (15F) but I don’t know what to tell her and I’m wondering how long is too long to wait to tell her.
My gf [29F] is planning to let our relationship go next summer when she moves away, and I [34M] don’t know what to do.
Senior in highschool & I like this girl in my grade.
2 Years in, royally f'd up?
[33F] trying to navigate partner [35M] possibly never wanting marriage
My (19/F) friend (18/F) will not stop implying that she is better than me in front of all our other friends.
How to deal with a friend [M20] who won’t let up on an argument until I [F21] say I’m wrong and he’s right
My (19/F) best friend (22/M) just cheated on his girlfriend with me. How do I handle our friendship moving forward?
Is there such a thing as a break?
Ladies what are your preferences when it comes to being asked out for dates. Me (M21)
I [26M] was shitty to my [25F] girlfriend when she wanted me to comfort her and now she's ignoring me. What should I do?
How wrong and immature is this of my girlfriend to block me and then walk away when I came to her house to talk to her when she wouldn’t respond to my messages?
Should I (24f) contact my exes (26m and 23m) and tell them I was unfaithful?
Found my [24F] boyfriend of 1.5 years [25M]'s e-cigarette/vape by accident on what to feel and concerned on whether this is a dealbreaker..
My girlfriend [21/F] scared me with her Chucky doll and now I [22/M] might break up with her.
My (29f) boyfriend’s (29m) mom just shared that she’s considering divorcing his dad. She asked me not to say anything to my boyfriend, but I want to give him heads up. What should I do?
22f I think I’m still shocked he never reached out...was it really love if they don't care after
I [26M] was shitty to my [26F] girlfriend when she wanted me to comfort her and now she's ignoring me. What should I do?
In a new relationship with an amazing guy (34M) but I (28F) can't stop thinking about my recent breakup (?M)
My [29F] wife is seeing another man while her and I [29M] go thru marriage counseling? At what point should I give up and file for divorce?
My [f19] Mother [f38] who left me to fend for myself will be at the family thanksgiving get-together and I'm feeling unsure on how to approach the situation.
Dealing with breakup and ex moving on
Is this fair?
Married, just found out I'm pregnant...but not sure who's it is.
I [26M] Feel Like My Decisions Don't Matter
How do I (23F) convince my parents (60F, 70m) to have their home tested for mold?
Is this fair?
I [26M] Feel Like My Decisions Don't Matter
When should I (16M) ask her (?F) to hang out?
Why would someone NOT want to give their last name BEFORE a date?
I (23F) can only be attracted to broken, damaged people.
My boyfriend(17M) of 4 months broke up with me(20F). Will we get back together?
My (30F) boyfriend (36M) of six years and I have fallen into a bad funk, but other stressors are making it even worse.
Hallmate stole my earbuds
Annoying fiance
I (30F) have an absolutely insane crush on my (25M) coworker and I don’t know what to do.
Boyfriend [28M] is going on another vacation without me [20F]. This time on my birthday.
Boyfriend is going on another vacation with me. On my birthday.
Should I (15M) do a grand gesture to show (14F) I still take "us" seriously?
My [25/M] GF [22/F] is thinking about taking a break for herself and to know other people after some fights (lots of background in the post)
[UPDATE] After 5 toxic years, I (36F) think Apple Jacks will be the nail in the coffin for this waste of time (41M)
Me [19 F] went on date with[24 M] , does he like me?
What should I think about this girl in my class who is subtly flirtatious with me but has a boyfriend?
After dating for 11 months, we finally did it!
I (20sF) believe I am being bulled by a coworker (30sF) and I can't take it anymore.
Family expects me (28F) to drop everything for my brother's (30M) wedding
Me [19F] with my [24 M] date, I don't know if he likes me or not.
Feel like cheating :(
Me [25 M] with my girlfriend [24F] for 2 & half months, got high & drunk & she freaked out about us.
Advice on leaving when you have isolated yourself from support
I've (M/26) got jealousy/insecurity issues that consume me
Should I move on from this girl or stick around?
I (20sF) believe I am being bulled by a coworker (30sF) and I can't take it anymore.
Need help F(31) supporting husband (33) who has been accused of historic sexual abuse
Family expects me (28F) to drop everything for my brother's (30M) wedding
my boyfriend lied to me about being a virgin
This girl that I'm in a relationship with isn't sure if she see's a future with me, but she wants to give it a shot anyway. Guys, I need help and I'm losing my mind here.
Advice on leaving when you have pushed away most of your support system
New friends (24 and 26) seem clingy, asked us (24 and 26) to be in wedding even though we already said we couldn't attend. How do we proceed?
2 year on/off hook-up, met each other’s families, but no communication for months in between
Me [ 30s F] with my Grandma [80s F] 2 years, how much do I have to tell her about my personal therapy?
I [22M] don’t know how to tell women I am not just here for a quick fuck but am looking for a relationship
This girl that I'm in a relationship with isn't sure if she see's a future with me, but she wants to give it a shot anyway. Guys, I need help and I'm losing my mind here.
Why would my FWB (M26)of 10 months completely ignore me and ghost?
I don’t love her anymore.
Mixed signs
Dueling Fantasies
Mum (60s) just gave me a very expensive 'holiday' I (30s) can't use and don't want.
Fwb(M26) for 9 months completely ignores texts and disappears, need some help understanding?
My bf [24m] has shown red flags in the past, I'm [24m] not sure if we're moving the right direction right now.
Huge crush on somebody [16 M] who might not date me [17 M] because of risks with family and friends
We had sex, he(28M) wants a relationship, and i (25F) feel awful about it; now I’m pulling away and falling into depression
I think I need to move out of my boyfriends
Advise 31F and EX 24M
22f I think I’m still shocked he never reached out...was it really love if they don't care after
I [22M] am looking for a relationship but don’t know how to let women know I’m not just here for a quick fuck without sacrificing my confidence..?
Confusion
Is it inappropriate for me [21F] to secretly volunteer to help my [30s M] professor?
I have a crush (16M) on one of my closest friends (15F) and I’ve been wanting to tell her but I don’t know how and how long is too long to wait?
I (21M) have a complicated situation with my ex (21F)
Should I break up? It's a very difficult decision
Is it normal to like being in a “controlling/abusive” relationship?
MY BF KEEPS CALLING ME BY HIS SISTERS NAME. weird or???
I need help dealing with my breakup...
Got a date this Sunday to watch Bohemian Rhapsody and it ain't a tinder date or something
I (M19) am in love with by best friend (F18). She knows I love her and still wants to be friends. What should I do?
Is it inappropriate for me [21F] to secretly volunteer to help my [30s M] professor?
I'm [27M] very happy with my long-term girlfriend [24F] but find myself attracted to an acquaintance [26F] - is this normal?
Me [34F] with my ex-boyfriend [37M] duration, I can't stop being angry about how the breakup went, we broke up in March.
Advice for a 20 year old trying to make relationships?
Do you think I have a shot with her or nah?
I (25F) declined my boyfriends (31M) Thanksgiving invitation
31F and ex 34M Break up
Sitting alone in a four cornered room..
Dealing with an assertive/ dominating wife and overprotective In Laws.
Wack relationship
Niece (15F) threatening to call CPS because she and her father (35M) got into a fight about her Youtube videos; me, aunt, (28F) trying to help calm waters
I [18m] broke up with a girl [18f] I had been dating for two weeks, and she is emotionally devastated...is something wrong here?
How do people date multiple people?!
My boyfriend did something sexual to me without my consent a while ago. I'm not sure if I should break up with him.
I'm in love with my best friend. She knows and still wants to be friends.
My[22M] wife [22F] has cheated on me for the second time, what to do?
Advice for a twenty year old trying to make relationships?
Trust my heart or my friends?
Not sure if I [24F] should break up with my boyfriend [25M] of two years
High functioning autistic BF had mental breakdown and needs "time" to be ready to be in a relationship, but is sending incredibly mixed messages. What do I believe???
Advice for a 20 year old trying to make any relationships?
[M 21] I feel like I was emotionally manipulated by my [F18] ex-girlfriend
I [M28] was cheated on repeatedly by my SO [F26] and am not sure how to stop hating myself and stay with her
I’m [19F] sick of my best friend’s [19F] relationship with her boyfriend [21M]
My [25M] Wife [25F] had sex with her female assistant [20 F] couple of hours ago and I don't know what to do.
22f I think I’m still shocked he never reached out
Always been in an opposite sex relationship, but I [27F] think I might be into my [26F] housemate but I'm not sure how to approach it?
UPDATE I (34/M) was unfaithful with my wife (39/F) off and on for 9 years and we have both agreed to start fresh with maximum effort.
Is it okay for me [M 22] to cheat on my girlfriend [F 22] if i'm going to break up with her the day after? (She would never find out about the cheating).
I don't feel so good
I [M28] was cheated on by my SO [F26] and am having a hell of a time getting over it and not hating myself for staying
I want/need to change the perception others have of me. And maybe better myself while doing so.
Previous relationship experience has left me (26/F) wondering if I am romanticizing getting engaged or actually want it with (25/M)
I’m [19F] sick of my best friend’s [19F] relationship with her boyfriend [21M]
Dreading an upcoming party
Feel like I(20M) impatiently ended things with my Ex(21F). What should I do?
Do men only care about looks?
Sit tight, this is an essay on the most emo I’ve ever felt in my life: I feel and have been feeling so disconnected from my friends and I REALLY need advice on this...
I am [40/f] and my boyfriend [46/m]. I need my peace of mind back but we both decided to work things out. How will i get peace of mind with what i know?
Why cant I stop thinking about my ex boyfriend?
Bringing my (25F) partner (33F) home for Christmas for the first time, family has decided for the first time we will not be giving gifts this year
My (17M) friend (17M) secretly records people without them knowing...
[24F] I moved to a new city after graduating college and I haven't made (m)any friends here. How do I settle in? Does it just take time?
Always been in opposite sex relationships but I think I might be into my (same sex) housemate and I'm not sure what to do with it?
[M17] How to avoid small talk with long distance relationships with [F17] 7 hours ahead
What do I do after a break up?
Feel like I(20M) impatiently ended things with my Ex(21F). What should I do?
Has anyone ever been obsessed with their boyfriend? I need advice.
I am [30F] spending a lot of time with a friend [30M] and part of me wants to like him differently just because it would be convenient
Worried for my friend (22F) who is in a creepy relationship with her BF (22M). Want to say something.
UPDATE: I'm [30m] torn between my former ex [28f] and the woman [38f] I just split from.
When should the guy pay for things?
Feel like I impatiently ended things with my Ex. What should I do?
I (F21) am unhappy with my boyfriend’s (M23) communication styles.
I'm [24F] in a new city after graduating college and I know practically no one and I miss home. How do I settle in here?
When should the guy pay for things?
Should I (31F) reach out to repair a broken relationship with my cousins (31F, 34F)?
My [27 F] husband [27 M] and I have been through many changes this and last year. I am afraid we are getting to a point without fixing
My (23f) boyfriend (33m) is a hypocrite, is that worth ending it?
Should I (M19) break up with my girlfriend (F19) because of her insecurities?
I've (27f) fallen in love(?) with my friend (27m) who doesn't feel the same.
My [19F] FWB and his [19M] Birthday
Hes a drunk
Is that considered a cheating?
My (20, female) boyfriend (20, male) of 6 months has no career prospects
I've (27f) fallen in love(?) with my friend (27m) who doesn't feel the same
Is that a cheating?
I (19M) don’t know if my gf (21F) is getting too clingy for me, or if she’s just “in love”
My (14f) grandma (old) has been looking through my stuff
My (20) boyfriend (20) has almost no career prospects.
(38M) Feeling Lonely and looking for honest relationship with nice girl
My [19F] FWB [M19] and Birthday
I (26 m) completely fell in love with her (22 f) and I need to find a way to deal with my fear of getting hurt
I [23F] had a non-consensual sexual encounter with a friend three years ago, and never told my boyfriend [29M] of 5 years. We broke up, but we both want to make things work again, and I'm not sure if I should tell him what happened.
Does this count as #MeToo (23MtF, 53M and 51F but back when I was 5-9)
Can I [19m] ask out the girl [19f] who rejected my friend [19m]?
My boyfriend [25 M] broke up with me [27 F] out of the blue and keeps giving different reasons why. I need closure and I don’t know how to get it [together 1y]
How can a 33 year old male with cerebral palsy who has never been on a date start looking for a girlfriend?
My (31) father (55) has been mentally destroyed at work, and I fear he may kill himself any day now.
I (17M) am moving to University next year, but my girlfriend (16M) will still be at school. What should I do?
My [20F] boyfriend [20M] has been lying about smoking cigarettes for 3+ years.
What is the problem with moving too fast? (24M)
My [22F] friend [23F] tried to test whether my boyfriend [23M] was loyal to me by catfishing him
My [20F] boyfriend [20M] has been lying about smoking cigarettes for 3 + years.
My boyfriend broke up with me out of the blue and keeps changing his reason for breaking up with me and I don’t know how to have closure
My friend (22f) is mad at me (22f) for suggesting that her shaking might be the result of alcohol withdrawal, after she told me the night before that she abuses alcohol?
My (23 F) boyfriend (24 M) hit me while drunk. I don’t know what to do now.
I (19F) just found out that this guy (21M) that I've been seeing is low-key a famous Youtuber, but he lied until a fan recognized him.
HELP, defcon 2
Why was he [20/M] watching me [20/F] sleep?
My [22F] friend [23F] hacked instagram account of my boyfriend's [23M] ex [22F] and pretended to be her to catch him cheating
I (21F) can't get my girlfriend (24/F) to talk about our future together.
My narcissistic and alcoholic ex was my favorite sex partner and I keep having terrible dreams with him in it.
What's something your SO has said or done that made you feel better about yourself?
(22M) wenr on 3 dates with this girl (20F) but because of my anxiety I couldn’t make a move. Now I think I blew it.
How do I (24M) take things further with the person I’m dating (26F)?
Online dating
Do I (M,26) not love her (F, 24) if...
I (17M) am leaving to University next year, and my girlfriend (16F) will still be at school. What should I do?
TRUTH or NOT: The 1st year of marriage is the hardest
Clingy or in love?
I (23F) don’t know how to “casually” date or take it slow.
Lost my boyfriend's trust at the worst possible time [26f] [24m]
am away from my girlfriend [18F] for a couple days and I [18F] really really miss her. how the heck do I cope?
betrayal
How to go about being friends after long term relationship?
Me [17/M] and my best friend [17/M] just got into a big fight and now I'm afraid that our friendship is over.
Confusion
Boyfriend keeps leaving jobs without putting in a 2weeks notice. How do I support him?
[deleted by user]
am away from my girlfriend [18F] for a couple days and I [18F] really really miss her. how the heck do I cope?
Does it mean that I don't love her if I'd rather...
Girl I’m seeing (21F) feels spiritually guilty seeing me (25M)
My (F24) friend (F25) how to approach conversation about dental hygiene
My (26/M) girlfriend (26/F) is uncomfortable with my intimacy "issues" because it reminds her of her assault and wants me to go to therapy. How do we resolve this?
My (F24) friend (F25) how to approach conversation about dental hygiene
Using snap location to fool me/Cheating/lying?
Me [28F] with my Husband [28M] of 6 years, I want to move out of his parents house ASAP and rent while he wants to save up for a home he can't afford...
My now ex gf [24f] has recently broken up with me [30M] after beginning anti anxiety medications last month
My (26/M) girlfriend (26/F) is uncomfortable with my intimacy "issues" because it reminds her of her sexual assault and wants me to go to therapy. How do we resolve this?
[deleted by user]
So i(18f) got out of an abusive 2 year relationship about 6months ago and have been seeing someone (19m) recently who wants to start dating, advice appreciated
Is my [34 M] girlfriend [30 F] of 4 years gaslighting me or am I just too sensitive?
Girlfriend (23F) has a problem with my (23M) past brief casual relationship with my friend/roommate (24F) and wants me to move. Should I be worried that moving wouldn't fix this problem?
How do I [26F] gently address the erectile dysfunction issues of a new guy I've been seeing [34M] without making him feel totally emasculated?
Roommate (30sM) of 3 years says he's 'feeling rapey', what to do?
I [23M] situation with uni flatmate and best friend both [20F]
My [26F] partner [24M] called me a whore and a stupid bitch last night.
I’m lost
I [24F] got a job in a new city and am moving there in 1 month. My best friend [25F], heard the news and assumed we would be making the move together. I am supposed to talk to her soon....How do I handle this?
My [18M] gf [20f] is leaving me to be with her baby father
Me [22 M] with my gf [21 F] 1.5 years, no sexual chemistry
Have you ever broken up with someone and regretted it?
What have you learned from past failed relationships?
Roommate says he's 'feeling rapey', what to do?
My girlfriend (21F) and I (21M) are planning on moving in together but she's worried
He's going to find something out about me that stinks.
[18m][22f] girlfriend cant stop having thoughts that ill go back to my crazy ex
Not sure If I [23/f] handled this breakup the right way? [27/m ex] Terrible comments were made?
I [24F] got a job in a new city and am moving there in 1 month. My best friend [25F], heard the news and assumed we would be making the move together. I am supposed to talk to her soon....How do I handle this?
I [23/M] situation with uni flatmate [20/F] and her best friend [20/F]
My (21M) girlfriend(21F) doesnt want to marry me because she doesn't wanna have sex.
Confusion
My [21] girlfriend [21] might be bisexual, and I'm not sure how to feel about that
Does he like me???
[18m][22f] girlfriend cant stop having thoughts that ill go back to my crazy ex
Found out that my boyfriend (24M) has participated in a gang bang and now I (23F) feel disgusted with him
I (19M) have started to crush with an online friend (20F) whom I talk to a lot, we met too once but it was merely because of a 'common destination'. She might however go abroad to study in a year or two. Should I just give up right now? I don't really have much confidence in the first place anyway.
My Girlfriend (21F) and I (21M) are planning on moving in together after I graduate in July but she's worried (LDR)
I [22 F] am not attracted to my boyfriend [22 M]
Why do I [22M] constantly feel like I would be happier single, when I know almost for a fact that I wold be miserable?
Interesting....
Guy who likes me
how do i not have an awkward text convo
Bf masturbaiting to other girls photos
I [37M] may have been ghosted after she [35F] told me she loved me, felt safe with me, and that I was who she wanted.
I (19M) have started to crush with an online friend (20F) whom I talk to a lot, we met too once but it was merely because of a 'common destination'. She might however go abroad to study in a year or two. Should I just give up right now? I don't really have much confidence in the first place anyway.
Young guy with a girlfriend who wants a future, I don't know if I can do it
Hello Ladies, what do you think about a man who asks you for a help with his mental issues?
Me [30 M/F] with my family [Sister 25F, Dad 55M Stepmum 50F], expecting lavish gifts this christmas
Spanking. Blue collar meets white collar approach
Plz Help!? Is this relationship doomed?
I [18M] really like this girl [18F], but I’ve never been in a relationship before (I know it’s pathetic). And I’m too much of a pussy to ask her. I have really low self esteem, but she has helped me with it. We’ve been friends for not so long. Should I just give up?
I [37M] may have been ghosted after she [35F] said she loved me, felt safe with me, and that I was who she wanted.
Need advice
My boyfriend [24M] and I [24F] need advice working through an issue
My boyfriend [24M] and I [24F] need advice working through an issue
Plz Help!? Is this relationship doomed?
Wife Doesn't Back Me Up When Dealing With Kids.
I CANT STOP CRYING work/school/watching tv... HELP
My girlfriend is in pain and I don’t know how to help...
I (24F) have been talking to a guy (28M) from Tinder for a few days, but I'm worried that he's a little clingy
I [18M] really like this girl. But i’ve never had a girlfriend before (i know its pathetic), and i’m too much of a pussy to flirt with her. She thinks me as a friend. And we haven’t known each other for so long. What should I do to become more brave and flirt with her?
My ex (24m) and I (20f) broke up recently but things ended on good terms. I had a good relationship with his mom (55f). Should I add her as a friend on Facebook and remain in touch with her?
I (21F) will not be spending thanksgiving with my bf(22M) and I am not sure how to feel.
MEN ONLY: Admit, have you ever cheated on your partner? (Bonus: what percentage of men do you think cheat?)
I'm [27 M] feeling heartbroken about a love from the other side of the world [31 F] hitting it off with someone right before we're reunited, despite agreeing to stay exclusive
How do you escape out of your own jealousy and the tendency to think about the stuff that did you harm?
Is my girlfriend (22f) psycho?
Feeling bad about kissing a girl.
I (24F) have been talking to this guy (28M) for a few days and I'm worried he's too clingy
My dad is a bad tipper.
I need advice.
Me [33 M] with my wife [34 F] of 9 years, I want a divorce. I can't do this anymore.
I'm [27 M] feeling heartbroken about a love from the other side of the world [31 F] hitting it off with someone right before we're reunited
How do you escape out of your own jealousy and the tendency to think about the stuff that did you harm?
I (35f) don't know if I should blindly believe him (35m) to keep the peace
Please help, my girlfriend is psycho...
My parents almost made me committing suicide
Reading some of the posts here, makes me (F23) wonder whether I am an idealist or my standards are too high
I [21M] want to break up with my mentally unstable, self harming, suicidal girlfriend [20F] but I'm pretty sure she would kill herself pretty quickly
Spanking. Blue collar meets White Collar approaches.
My friend [18M] and his girlfriend [18F] are in a complicated relationship. Her dad is abusive and lies to the cops to try and control her.
Something is off about my [24F] brother's [27M] boyfriend [27M] of four months
**my boyfriend (25F) of 8 months might have his (25F) ex girlfriend visit him at his new home. i feel uncomfortable with this and don't know how to think or what to do**
Girlfriend Shows No Affection
My [22/F] boyfriend [27/M] of 8 months told me "i love you" for the first time during sex, we were both drunk. Asked him about it the next morning, got weird. Need help.
Am I [25F] overreacting that boyfriend [25M] wanted to take a whole day out of a family trip to see a friend last minute?
I (25F) sometimes fantasize abokr creating an online dating profile just to see what kind of men would be interested in me, despite being very happily married to my (25M) spouse of 2 years.
My mum [F/49] is very disappointed in me [F/20] for getting married and having a different outlook on men than her, it is putting a strain on our relationship and now that I am having a son I need her to stop, but I don’t know what to say to her
Unsure about how to handle my (F/25) daughter's (F/5) relationship with her alcoholic dad (M/30s)
Should I [22F] break up with my boyfriend [24M] of 3 years?
**Ex girlfriend of my LDR boyfriend (25M), might come visit and stay over at his**
Was my [21M] ex [22F] an abusive partner?
Me [30 M] with my gf [27 F] got in a fight over pics of hex ex in her fb profile
My Friend [18M] and his girlfriend [18F] are in a complicated relationship. Her dad is abusive and lies to the the police so that he can try to control her.
To follow a boyfriend or not...
Feeling lonely after the birth of my (16 m) brother (5 months m)
I [M,19] broke up with a girl I loved 8 months ago and now I miss her.
I [26/F] have a crush on my colleague / manager [??/M]
I (F25) sometomes wonder about creating an online dating profile just to see who I could attract, despite being happily married to my (M25) spouse of 2 years.
Mostly just a vent but opinions are welcome.
my [21/m] fiance [21/f] and I had an awkward experience saying I love you
My wife (29F) and I (29M) can't decide how many kids to have. Should I agree to have more, even though I think I might not enjoy it? Am I being selfish?
boyfriends ex might visit him
My[21m] housemate[27m] wants his parents to stay at our place rent free for 6 weeks
I [22F] don't know if I should break up with my boyfriend [24M] of 3 years
CHIVALRY IS NOT DEAD
My (18M) ex girlfriend (18F) told me she felt guilty about our break up 6 months after it happened?
Discussing with my wife (29F) how many kids to have. How do I decide?
My[21m] housemate[27m] wants his parents to stay at our place for 6 weeks rent free
Cheating wife approximately [35F] and don't know what to do.
I [27M] made a dumb joke on social media and my girlfriend [25F] accused me of disrespecting her. Is this a red flag?
Me [20F] and my boyfriend [21M] are on a break and I miss him
Will it never happen between me [25M] and a friend [26F] or should I just wait my turn while giving impression of moving on?
[Update] My (21F) mom's (44F) boyfriend (50sM) kicked her out tonight. I don't know what to do to help.
I'm (21M) proposing to my (23F) girlfriend, but I don't have a clue on how to do it.
my ex (20F) her grandma is in hospice, should I (22M) attend the funeral when the time comes?
I'm (21M) proposing to my (23F) girlfriend soon, but i don't know how to do it.
Is he (M 22) going too fast with me (F 21)?
Cheating wife approximately [35F] and don't know what to do.
My [23M] long-distance partner [20M] is sick and I don't know how to respond
My (22f) best friend/roommate's (26m) gf (32f) doesnt like me. Is there a solution?
Hosting Christmas Eve dinner in which my and my SO's family will meet for the first time. Problem is I don't want his mother to come.
Boyfriend (21M) didn't want me (19F) giving him head
My (31f) boyfriend (33m) of 3 years, told me out of the blue that he isn’t sure how he feels about me anymore
Is he (M 22) going too fast with me (F 21)?
Top 20 Wellness Podcasts You ShouldBe Listening To
My [21/m] fiance [21/f] had an awkward I love you moment
Am I being dismissive or is she overreacting?
My best friend [M25] of 9 years asked me [F25] to marry him
Me [29F] trying to comfort grieving friend [29F] hope I didn't offend
(25M) The girl I'm in love with (24F) is getting married to someone else so now I have officially given up on life and 0 people care how I feel, and no attractive good looking women like me because I'm obese and short. Any advice? If I end up alone or with an ugly girl people will see me as a loser.
I [ 18 F ] have a big crush for a man who is 8 years older than me
I (24F) have no idea how to help my friend (24F) anymore :(
Had a great weekend with new s/o after our involvement caused lots of chaos, now terrified I’m being ghosted.
Me [19/F] with my friend [19/F] 10 years, is the friendship coming to an end?
Top 10 Wellness Podcasts You Should Be Listening To
Teacher grading me unfairly I believe, please help.
stronglover best health support provider24/7 day
My [24F] boyfriend [23M] of 8 years left me this week. I've forgotten how to be alone.
Divorced with children: My Boyfriend (35/m) waited for our relationship to be official and established before letting me (34/f) know of an agreement with his ex-wife/daughter’s mother. Am I wrong for being frustrated that he waited this long to drop this bomb?
It's been 8 months of seeing my (32M) ex (38F) and I am worse than ever. I have no self-control.
Is it fair to start a relationship with someone if I[M16] know that I’m going to have to end it before I go to boarding school?
friendship survey: please take!
I (27F) am addicted to thinking about my fiancé (28M) having sex with his exes.
I [19F] dated a girl [19F] for almost two years and she started dating the guy [19M] who was my best friend since middle school and don't know how to cope
Teacher grading me unfairly please help.
I[16M] might be going off to a boarding military officer college next September. Is it fair to start a relationship with anyone if I know that I’m going to have to breakup before I go?
My boyfriend (M,18) and I (F,19) have been dating for four years and I’m unsure if his behaviour is abusive or not
I (31M) have been seeing (26F) for a month and have some insecurities.
wife sleeping when home with kids
Don't know if I should bring up meeting BFs family for Christmas
My (23m) first date with a girl (23f) I barely know
Spending Christmas Apart? Is it "Normal"
A girl [20s f] I [20f] worked with on a film has had some of my things for a month and is near-impossible to reach. Help!
I (F24) feel very socially obligated to go home for the holidays. How do I set boundaries with my dysfunctional family?
My [31f] boyfriend [40m] has atrocious grammar. I’d love to help him make some adjustments without shattering his pride. This has proven difficult... please help!
My [22F] gf is starting her carrer as actress and I'm [28M] having really hard times
[deleted by user]
Best guy friend (22/M) and I hooked up, relationship may have changed (21/F)
Spending Christmas Apart?
My (25M) girlfriend’s (25F) tantrums during PMS.
I [19F] have been dating my boyfriend [20M] for 3 years but I think I have feelings for my best friend [19F] ?
My [25] M ‘crush’ has crushed my heart for the last and final time.
I [19F] dated a girl [19F] for almost two years and she broke up with me. Two weeks later she started dating a guy [19M] who was my best friend since middle school and I don't know how to cope.
How can you tell if youre being dismissive or your SO is overreacting?
Hooked up with my best guy friend (21/F)
I (31M) have been seeing a (26F) for a month and have some insecurities.
My (24M) girlfriend (25F) of 4 years has 110K of student loan debt and I don't know how to continue the relationship.
How do you make someone feel loved with Acts of Service when you’ve been married a long time?
I'm [22M] I wanna know her(20F) intention and what do i have to say to her
I (M23) could use some outside perspectives on my relationship with my neighbor (F20) other than my friends
I [30 M] am considering proposing to my GF [30] in a hot air balloon ride. I know it's considered tacky but it will be over the Swiss Alps at Christmas time.
I [21M] am thinking of ending my relationship with my girlfriend [22F]. However, because I feel guilty about her own very bad circumstances, I feel like I have to stay.
Am I[20F] being unreasonable for wanting to spend Christmas with my boyfriend[22M] of 1.5 years?
Losing our savings in business - dealing with guilt
Wife’s best friend is a bad influence, have you dealt with something like this before?
My (25M) GF (25F) throws tantrums during PMS.
How do I (29f) move on and forgive my dead father (would be 67m)
Dated a girl for almost two years and she broke up with me then two weeks later started dating a guy who was my best friend since middle school and I don't know how to cope
How do I (29f) forgive my dead father (would be 67m)?
My(M22) ex-girlfriend(F21) is devastated that I am moving on
I [34m] don't know how to get over my ex
Gf’s tantrums during PMS
Were both 26 she dumped me I'm starting no contact what can I say to leave the door open for the future?
I [30 M] am considering proposing to my GF [30] in a hot air balloon ride. I know it's considered tacky but it will be over the Swiss Alps at Christmas time. Thoughts?
I'm [22M] I wanna know her(20F) intention and what do i have to say to her
wife working nights sleeping whirl kids at home
I [34m] don't know how to get over my ex
[Updates] My (21F) boyfriend (21M) says he has a secret that would make me want to leave him
Me [22M] and my girlfriend [22] of 3 months are going to be entering a LDR soon, what can we do to create the highest chance of success?
DTR talk to soon?
I (20m)can't seem to stay interested in a girl
Girlfriend broke up with me as I didn't involve her enough in my life, devastated
My ex (F24) drugged me (M24) and I want to physically hurt her. I need someone to hear my story please.
Should I (F21) give my old friends(M&Fs,20-25) a second chance after betrayal?
My fiance [M 33] and I [M 29] broke off our engagement and I could use some advice
Ex bf(23) broke up with me (22f) due to distance, confessed he had feelings, but now wants to be friends?
Me [22M] and my girlfriend [22] of 3 months are going to be entering a LDR soon, what can we do to create the highest chance of success?
I (19f) am a bad person
Me [31 F] with my husband [42 M] of 10 years, I feel closed off and distant from him & everyone, I want to share but I want to know the listener wants to hear it.
Me [31 F] with my Husband [42 M] of 10 years, I dont feel close to him or anyone
My (31F) cousin (29F) got married and disappeared
Ex bf (23) broke up with me (22f) due to distance, confessed he fell in love, but now wants to be friends?
DTR talk to soon
My [27M] girlfriend 26F] says I ask for confirmation to often
My [37] wife [18] refuses to wear the dora the explorer costume during sex
My [F20] boyfriend [M22] of 2 years won't allow me to have male friends...
What was the best advice you received following a breakup?
My girlfriend's mom [46F] and I [20M] don't get along too well.
I (20F) want to break up with my fiancé (21M), but don’t want to hurt him
I [24M] dont know if I should propose to my GF [22F]
My (25f) bf (26m) uses his dashcam to photograph women
i am a mistress
My [22F] gf is starting her carrer as actress and I'm [28M] having really bad times
I just don't seem to think anyone cares
In-person vs. long distance communication
My (26/M) girlfriend (33/F) of 22 months says she feels dead inside and doesn't think she can continue this relationship.
[29M] I can't get mad at my [26F] GF, tips?
GF [25/F] was laid off from a company I [28/M] also work at. I was indirectly involved. I feel horrible - is making it up to her a problem?
Me [32F] Im insecure because of my sexual past, I dont know if I am normal or if I have a problem
My girlfriend's mom [46F] and I [20M] don't get along too well.
I (f25) hooked up with my guy friend (m30), but he has a girlfriend
What does this woman who i've known since childhood [30 F] want from me[30 F] now after 15 years????
[29M] I can't get mad at my GF [26F] tips?
Single
My (22F) boyfriend (24M) possibly told he his ex's are better looking than me?
I feel like it's time to break up with my girlfriend but I'm scared cause she's the only person that I got
Not allowed to date but f (16) and in love with a guy ( 16 )
I [M, 30] finally found a job after a couple years of unemployment, but it would mean ending my relationship [F, 30]
Should I change the password to account I was sharing with ex-friend?
24M Emotionally stuck figuring out at what point to walk away from a draining situation with a 23F I want a future that has a list of problems and changes her mind on how she feels
f(16) and in love,,, parents wont let me date
39[M] having a ...Idk...with a 29[M]
[UPDATE]. Buy parent's house and avoid relationship strain
Why don't I [21/f] feel guilty for kissing another guy?
[deleted by user]
Found out my boyfriend (26m) of 2 years watches porn every day, multiple times a day. It bothers me (32f), but he has no desire to change and says the problem is with me.
My (31F) cousin (29F) got married and disowned our family...
I [m24] and having difficulties communicating my true feelings to my wife [F22]
My gf [24/f] is shaddy with social media. I [25/m] feel like her arguments are excuses. Should I leave?
Please help me [30M] understand my "Break" with my GF [28F] and whether I royally F'd up last night
Is this normal behaviour, [41M] married and partner [35F], [35F] is staying out with [25M] "friend"
My [31M] Mom [56F] is dying and leaving me her estate. I don't know what to do with my brother [33M].
I [M24] am having trouble getting through to my wife [F22] and she wants a divorce
My gf [24/f] is shaddy with social media. I [25/m] feel like her arguments are excuses. Should I go?
I am [42F] with a partner [34F] who is polyamorous (more like an open relationship) who is pushing me into uncomfortable situations.
My (25F) boyfriend (28M) and his attractive friend (20sF)
Caught bf of 6 years sexting... need advice
This girl in my collage class always starred at me, she recently drop her classes and I have a crush on her! (PLEASE READ POST)
Losing a best friend. Looking for advice.
Should i listen to my heart or my head?
I [M/21] have a crush on a girl [F/20] and that girl’s sister has a crush on me
Nursing/EMS couples, how does your job impact your relationship?
Should I [20 F] let him go [21 M] ? Is it too late to change after we have broken up? We haven’t changed in the past, are we only wanting to change for the right reason? Or only because it’s over???
Is this normal behaviour, [41M] married and partner [35F], [35F] is staying out with [25M] "friend"
After 3 years, we [24M 24 F] are having troubles with sexual compatibility. Can we work this out, or should we call it quits?
Should i listen to my heart or my head?
My (25F) boyfriend (28M) and his attractive friend (20s F)
Caught long term bf virtually cheating.. I need advice
[25M] in a relationship with [16M] - Fully legal but is this okay?
Is it immature for me (22F) to have cold feet about my brand new gf (25f)?
My mother [50sF] is living with me [28M] until she retires. How do I manage her presence when I want to have friends over for adult activities?
Wife’s best friend is a bad influence, have you dealt with something like this before?
I have a crush on a girl and that girl’s sister has a crush on me
Suspected cheating after conversation on opening relationship - gut feeling or insecurity?
I (25F) have been dating a (23M)
My mother [50sF] is living with me [28M] until she retires. How do I manage her presence in the house when I want to have a friend over for adult activities?
32F how to turn down the person I’m dating 30M
Suspected cheating after difficult conversation on openness - gut feeling or insecurity?
[25M] Just started using Tinder and kinda lost
Parents cut me off because i'm in a relationship
Help with the "what are we" conversation
Mixed signals! 'Busy schedule' she says but we get on well physically together? (25M, 24F)
Should I [20 F] let him go [21 M] ? Is it too late to change after we have broken up? We haven’t changed in the past, are we only wanting to change for the right reason? Or only because it’s over???
My (F/21) aunt (F/53) told me that my boyfriend (M/21) will leave me for someone at work. How should I respond to it?
Parents cut me off cause i'm dating
My[15M] best friend [16F] has been reluctant to talk to me because her other friend[16F] hates me.
Me (23f) with my bf (24m) and my male best friend (25m). I need some help.
Mixed signals! 'Busy schedule' she says but we get on well physically together? (25M, 24F)
Me [32F] with my romantic interest [30 M], 6 months, my guilt for past mistakes and low self-esteem is making it difficult for me to date
My aunt told me that my boyfriend will leave me for someone else. How should I respond to it?
I grabbed coffee with someone who is attracted to me...
Moral Dilemma
Should I [20 F ] let go of him [21 M ] ?? Is it too late to change after we have broken up?
I'm (27f) not able to trust my SO (39m) for no reason at all.
I [M22] am hurt when my SO [F19] does not text back although online constantly
Me [25 M] My GF [24 F] of 3 years, likes guys attention/flirting and I'm not sure how to deal with it ?
My [20M] gf[21F] lied to and betrayed me but I want to give her another chance
New friends (24 and 26) seem clingy, asked us (24 and 26) to be in wedding even though we already said we couldn't attend. How do we proceed?
I (22M) have urges despite my amazing relationship with my girlfriend (21F)
Me [28 F] with guy I dated [24 M] really like each other but he's confused and doesn't think a relationship is right, should we be "just friends"?
I [ 18 f] have been having problems with my bf [ 18 m] and his family
I’m [27M] often depressed after having sex with my girlfriend [29F]
Should I (28F) try to salvage my marriage with my husband (24M)?
Hard decisions to make!
I [M22] am hurt when my SO [F19] does not text back although online constantly
UPDATE #2: Me (27M) helping my Mum (56F) sort her life out!?
16 and in love ,,,, parents wont let me date
I [21F] think I got ghosted by my boyfriend[25M]?
30 gay guy here. Any lesbian girl up for a beard? Have a lavender marriage for the family stuff? Msg to talk more :)
Wife (32F) is upset with me (31M) because my SIL (31F) says she doesn't want to call our daughter (2F) by her middle name.
My SO won’t let me have friends.
Should I [20F] let go of him [21M]? Is it too late to change after we have broken up? Are we changing for the right reasons? Or too only want to get back together???
Me [28 F] with guy I dated [24 M] really like each other but he's confused and doesn't think a relationship is right, should we be "just friends"?
My boyfriend [24]M, slept with other people during the first 4 months of us dating
My brother (36M) does not speak to me (38M) cause his wife (28F) badmouthed me
My BF (2 years together & 5 years LDR) moved to a different country to study and work but now he won't come back anytime soon and I cannot breakup with him for the sake of our 7 year's relationship, and also the spark and love is fading, how should I deal with this?
Cute gay guy here. Any lesbian girl up for a beard? Have a lavender marriage for family stuff? Msg me to talk more :)
Am I ready to let go? Is it too late to change after we have broken? Are we only changing because we want to save the relationship or we changing for the right reasons? Is it too late???
More me time and have a little fun or jump into something permanent?
Im (24F) considering breaking up with SO (29) because I know he deserves better.
How to keep things interesting by text with this guy until I’m able to go on a date with him?
I (19F) feel guilty for avoiding my depressed roommate (19F), but she annoyed me before the depression
My (25F) boyfriend (30M) says awful things when we fight (especially when he's drunk) then takes it back the next day. How can I make him see how hurtful and damaging this is?
My borther does not speak to me cause his wife badmouthed me
[Update] my girlfriend [21F] and I [21M] broke up few days ago, not sure what to do now, would love some advice about something specific
My wife (27F) won't stand up to her mother (47F) about years of mental abuse, and wont go to therapy over it.
Me [27M] holding onto false hope of exgf[25M] or is it some unfinished business
My borther does not speak to me cause his wife bad-mouthed me.
GF applying for job role I recently got accepted. They gave her 3 weeks for final answer, the wait is killing her. She REALLY wants me to ask what are her chances.
Had an affair with my cousin (37M) ten years ago while he was dating. Now his fiancee (37F) wants me to be a bridesmaid for the wedding. Should I say yes?
22f how to move on
My (27) girlfriend's (22) dad doesn't like me and I can't help but feel it's due to racial reasons
I (F19) need some advice on how to deal with jealousy over my boyfriend (M20)
Random person came into my life and every word out of their mouth connected to my exact unique values. What do I do when they start asking questions about me. Its inevitable at this point. Ive never seen so much interest in so little. Its astonishing
[deleted by user]
I [25]M deleted a married woman [40]F who works me off snapchat and she is mad at me.
Moral Dilemma
M22 and f20 why does society thinks terrorism is always like to Islam.
My [30F] ‘life partner’ [30F] had a traumatic childhood. As an adult she is obsessive, aggressive, and finds it impossible to apologise or admit she’s wrong. I hoped she would improve as she got older, but if anything it’s got worse. What can I do to make this better?
My (27f) Fiance (32m) can't agree on where to spend our time at Christmas and it's causing arguments.
Is it possible to remain friends with an ex?
Why would she [19f] ask me [21m] if I have girlfriend if she has no interest.
Using toast to communicate a sexual incompatibility with my wife [33M] [32F]
My SO won’t let me have friends...
Is something wrong with me or is something really not right?
Me [25 F] with my boyfriend [24 M] 3 years, I feel like im being hidden
Using toast to communicate a sexual incompatibility with my wife
I [20 F] have just started talking to a guy [24 M] and it's going well. I have never been on a date/dated before, have basically no clue how any of this works. What do?
Did I mess up my FWB arrangement and how to fix it?
[25M] in a relationship with [16M] - Fully legal but unsure how to assess
I (22M) found snapchat texts from a guy about having sex with my (now ex) girlfriend (22F)
Is dating a woman taller than you impossible?
Using toast to communicate a sexual incompatibility with my wife [32M] [31F]
I want to break up with my perfect boyfriend
My (16/M) girlfriend (16F) puts me above her friends and family
I (24f) am upset husband (24m) will be working away from home during the week
Should I [27m] reach out to my Ex [23f] of 3 and a half years
My Ex Has Me Twisted
I (28F) am tired of fixing everything for husband (32m)
How do I [31M] stop being forever alone and actually get a girlfriend I want to be with and wants to be with me?
Need advice. Ex has me twisted, where do ego from here?
Coworker over Boyfriend
My [30F] ‘life partner’ [30F] had a traumatic childhood. As an adult she is obsessive, aggressive, and finds it impossible to admit she’s wrong. I hoped she would improve as she got older and hopefully wiser, but if anything it’s got worse. What can I do to make this better?
I (21MTF) broke up with girlfriend months ago, cant tell if delayed heartbreak or just am lonely
How do I [31M] stop being forever alone and actually get a girlfriend I want to be with and wants to be with me?
My Ex Has Me Twisted
Ex-lover (30M) lied about him being in a relationship, however, he refuses to let me (33F) go.
My [23f] boyfriend [26m] of 3 years still follows girls he used to DM flirty compliments to on instagram.
Today I [25M] met the most attractive woman [21F] I've ever met in my life, but it wasn't the way that she looked that was particularly attractive...
ex tries to contact me, but i don’t want anything to do with him. what do i do?
My [27f] partner [27m] is always tired and its really bothering me
I (23F) have cold feet about my brand new relationship (25F)
I have not told my (18F) boyfriend (18M) of 3y that our LDR is making me depressed. How can I talk to him about it in the right way?
My 'Friend' (F27) is duplicating my life and creates these weird backstories about it. Did I mention it's weird?
Am I the crazy one
My [21M] (ex?)gf's [20F] of 3.5 years roomates [21F 22F] keep telling her and trying to convince her that I am toxic and manipulative.
M25 had a rocky past and desperately wants relationship with gf F22 to work out
Social media and relationships - When is it good? When is it bad?
My [30f] coworker stabbed me in the back from afar. Deciding whether to seek and destroy or move on
"Friend" (F27) copies and then paints a story of lies
Any tips on how to combat mental illness from creating rifts in a relationship?
I need some advice with getting over a girl
I [M39] have been hanging out and talking to a friend [F25] for 9 months, invited her to a concert, she bailed and ghosted me for want seems like no reason at all.
[deleted by user]
My girlfriend's [18F] family doesn't know about me [22M]
I [19M] asked a girl out way too quickly.
How do I (f22) survive living with a volatile couple (f20, m26) until next may?
Me [20M] with my girlfriend [24F] of 1 month, Is it better to walk away?
My dad (56M) and I (22M) are no longer talking to each other
Will I regret breaking up?
My mom said she thinks I should leave my husband.
My [F20] ex [M22] has been glorifying mass shootings on his anon twitter, should I do something?
Can he fall in love with me?
(21 M) miss my (20 F) ex but I think it went too far.
Psycho Cheater Caught
I'm scared
I found the girl of my life, now the battle starts
Will I regret breaking up?
Heartbreak I shouldn't be having.
I miss my ex and don’t know what to do
How often should you see gf or bf
How to talk to my dad?
My Friends [22M, 21F] Have Invited Me [19M] into Their Relationship
Heartbreak I shouldn't be having.
I [39M] am keeping a lot of money hidden from my wife [38F] that I won from gambling since she’s very anti-gambling and if she found out, she will divorce me.
I [30f] am positive my coworkers don't like me and I know why
Had an affair with my cousin (37M) ten years ago while he was dating. Now his fiancee (37F) wants me to be a bridesmaid for the wedding
How often should you see your bf or gf?
I [22M] went on a date Friday with a girl [25F] and think it went amazing but her texts have been cold. Am I over analyzing?
I [22M] went on a date with her [25M] and can’t tell if she’s interested in another, even though it went great?
Confusion
GF [25F] was raped when she was young and I [28M] did something to trigger her memories of the incident. How do we move past this?
Should I (27 F) break things off with my bf (35 M) and live the single life for a bit?
Did I fuck up?
I (24 F) think me and my boyfriend of one year (29 M) are incompatible but he doesn't care
My (36, F) girlfriend PISSES me (23,F) off
Me (22M) in relationship with (22F) and feeling uneasy about some things
Just found out why relationship with ex bff soured
My boyfriend (22M) is best friends with a girl (22F) and is even living with her. Am I wrong for being uncomfortable with this?
My [25M] girlfriend [21F] has a light moustache. How do I go about asking her to shave it?
My (22M) girlfriend (21F) cheated on me with a mutual friend of ours
My (28M) old crush (27F) has started talking with me more and inviting me over. I still have lingering feelings and don’t know what to do.
Falling in love with one of my best friends, no clue where to go from here.
He [21M] likes me[21F] but I have a Long distance boyfriend
My boyfriend is best friends with a girl and even lives with her. Am I wrong for being uncomfortable with this?
I [29F] broke up with my very abusive boyfriend [38M] of 1 year even though I didn't want to. How do I convince myself I'm worthy of love when he spent a year convincing me I wasn't?
I (26f) wanna give my grandma (80s f) one good day before she goes in a nursing home
Big butts and exercise
[17M] I hung out with my crush [16F] recently, not sure if she thought it was a date
Hi looking for help with a date.
My online crush [26M] showed me [26F] his penis all of a sudden and I don't know what to think.
Let’s talk abutt it
My dad (45M) has been ignoring all my (20F) attempts to contact him. In constant anxiety. Should I just cut him off completely?
My relationship. Am I jealous or do I come in last?
Girl here (20F); how can you tell if a guy (22M) is only pursuing you for your wealth?
My [34f] husband [33m] wants another kid, I don't
Do big loves exist?
Me [25 M] and this girl [24 F] in a casual support group. I kind of want to ask her out but idk what to do in this situation.
Let’s talk abutt it
Help Me
Girl here (20F); how can you tell if a guy (22M) is only pursuing you for your wealth?
My Girlfriend (23) broke up with me (28) suddenly
So I[18f] have a dilemma with a certain coworker [20m]
I (20M) struggle with idealizing relationships. Any suggestions?
**TL;DR;** My Girlfriend (23) broke up with me (28) suddenly
Why do I want to fuck up so badly?
Who to believe? Lie or truth?
Hoping to hear from people who have overcome love addiction / co-dependence. I’m (39m) the codependent one, she’s (37f)... been together 18 yrs.
Is this pastor hitting on me?
Did we go too fast?
I've [M/24] Had a 5 Year Crush on My Best Friend [F/24] and They Don't Know It. How do I tell them?
Should I (27 F) just break things off with my bf (35 M) and try the single life for a bit?
I [19f] need help breaking up with him [18m]
Confusing anal situation
Roommate’s (22M) ex girlfriend (22F) showed up at the house.
Lie or truth?
is it worse to show pity after rejecting someone?
My Girlfriends Delinquent Cousin Moved In...
Did we go too fast?
Is it bad that I (24 M) still wants to be friends with my ex (22 F) who cheated on me and lied.
I've [M/24] Been in Love with My Best Friend [F/24] for Five Years -- Now What?
How do I (26f) ask a new guy (30m) I’ve been dating if he’s still interested in me?
Hoping to hear from people who have successfully overcome love addiction / co-dependence. I’m (39M) she’s (37F).
Letter to myself about missed oppertunities
In-Laws refuse to make a financial lifestyle change, how can I convince them before they go bankrupt?
Today was my birthday. I am 37 years old. It was also the first time my grandma didn’t send me a card.
My (19F) Bfs (22M) friend (22F) demanded a birthday kiss from him in front of me, her boyfriend, and all of our mutual friends, should I be more uncomfortable with this?
I [35F] broke my partners [42M] trust by inadvertently sharing my own personal information with his ex.
I [19F] discovered I still have strong feelings for a friend after seeing him for the first time in a while. I have a boyfriend now, what is the best way I can handle this?
Girl [29F] broke up with me [25M] after having to block an ex who was harassing her. Decided to do NC with me as well, but not sure how things are looking going forward. Any feedback/advice would be greatly appreciated
Me (F19) just got dumped today by now ex bf (M20). Advice?
I (20M) thought everything was going well with her (19F), and then she sent me a message...
I'm (M25) visiting a girl (F24) in January. Both like eachother and possible (temp) LDR on the cards until I finish my masters.
How many of you actually sleep in the same bed as your husband or wife?
My [20M] girlfriend [24F] won't send me the videos we recorded of us having sex.
Any advice on living with an ex?
Me (20M) and my girlfriend (20F) have lost our intimacy
22f Never checked up on me after...together 4 years?! Wtf
Visiting my (M25) friend (f24) that lives in Barca. Heavily implied we're meeting to see if anything happens.
Boyfriend lacks empathy towards others and is insensitive. Should I break up with him?
Aspergers teenager dating and seeking answers to some questions...
Looking for help getting through the first night after a breakup.
Dating a cop?
How do you ease the pain when your ex no longer loves you?
I’m [M17] shy and I need help talking to a girl [F16]
I (19M) like this girl (18-20) in my college class and want to talk to her but she’s always busy and I never see her. What should I do?
Today I feel extremely bad for a girl that probably doesn't deserve it.
My (20M) mother (50F) is taking her divorce a lot harder than I thought she was and it's killing me that I can't help her
(M21) in a long distance relationship with girlfriend (F20) now getting the silent treatment
My Boyfriend Is Addicted To Other Women
Am I (21F) overreacting when it bothers me that my BF (22M) says things about hating kids?
Me [30F] with my 10 + year friend [39F], I was not invited to her moving away party and didn't find out until she had already moved. Heart broken and unsure what to do?
How to Fix your Mistake
Dating a cop?
Boyfriend emotional LDR cheating with ex? Dump his ass?
I (19M) like this girl in my POLS class (18-20F) and want to talk to her but she’s always busy and I never see her. What should I do?
My (20M) mother (50F) is struggling with her divorce way worse than I knew and I don't know how to help her
My [21F] colleague [36M] wants to spend time together, not sure if platonic & I have a boyfriend [30M]
my boyfriend's best friend physically assaulted me but they still talk ... help
Platonic guy friend's [23 M] girlfriend [23 F] messaged me and told me to stop hitting on her bf. Do I tell him or ignore it?
Me [41 M/F] with my wife [36 F] 11 years, lost attraction leading to emotional affair; help
Should you fix one problem knowing it would create another?
Is it dumb of me [21F] to be upset by this birthday message?
Me [21F] casually seeing??? a [27M], tell me if I should ditch his a$$. CW for a lot of texting bs
[27F] Troubled relationship with my mother
Me (34M) with my gf (26F) of several years don't know what to think of her friending a guy of fb I almost (he ran away) got in a fight with at a party.
My coursemates who date are furious with me.
I [16M] am becoming very angry about older men checking me out.
My platonic guy friend's [23] girlfriend [23] texted me and told me to stop hitting on him; should I tell him?
Girl [29F] broke up with me after having to block an ex who was harassing her. Not sure about my behavior and how things are looking going forward. Any feedback/advice would be greatly appreciated
How do I break up with a fragile person?
I [26F] can be so mean to my partner [30M] sometimes and it makes me feel horrible and undeserving of someone so nice
Me [41 M] with my Wife [36 M/F] Married, together 11 year, I'm having unfaithful thoughts
I [M] am not sure what to make of my gf [F] of many years sending a friend request to a guy on fb she only knows as the bf of a co-worker and who I had words with the first time we met, causing him to leave the party running his mouth as he backed down from a confrontation with me.
27F - I don't want to be angry anymore
I (25M) am ready to ask the love of my life (22F) to marry me.
My [F20] ex [M22] has been glorifying mass shootings on his anon twitter, I'm scared he's next
My girlfriend snoops through my phone
Me \[25 M\] with my girl friend \[25 F\] have been together in a LDR for more than 2 years and she want me to move to her country
I am (26F) and have come to the devastating realization that the only happy, healthy relationships I’ve witnessed are those acted out on television.
What should I do???????
We Were On A Break!
My boyfriend (21 M) and I (18 F) are complete opposites of each other, and I've been thinking lately if I should part ways with him so he can find someone better than me, or someone that's in his 'spectrum'.
Liking your best friend after they get a partner
Hoping to hear from people who have successfully overcome love addiction / codependence.
Pre-wedding Crisis
Do I (20F) tell my boyfriend (23M) about his dad?
I [M17] need help talking to someone [F15]
I like this girl and I think she used to like me but not anymore, advice?
GHẾ NẰM TẮM NẮNG HỒ BƠI GỖ LƯỢN SÓNG
I am (26F) and am having the painful realization that the only happy, functional relationships I’ve seen are the ones acted out on TV.
Friend [20M] might confess his crush on me [21F] but I have a boyfriend
My [24F] boyfriend’s [28M] best friends [late 20s] ignore me, and he won’t ask them what their perspective is even though he says he will
I [27F] have feelings for my FWB [29M] of 2 months
My [M30] family hit my fiance's car [F30] and didn't say a thing to her, I did to them and now it's turning ridiculous
Free day
My girlfriend [20 F] says she loves me [21 M] after a month of dating. Need advice
A Possible Love Triangle. Advice would be much appreciated!
My boyfriend [M35] and I [F26] both live with depression
Am I [19F] overreacting to my boyfriend’s [20M] mother [50F] telling her friends and acquaintances that I’m not on birth control?
My [M30] family hit my fiance's car [F30] and didn't say a thing to her, I did to them and now it's turning ridiculous
I [26F] can be so mean to my partner [30M] sometimes and it makes me feel horrible and like I don't deserve to have a nice partner
My mother [43F] doesn't love me [19F] and I just don't know how to deal with it
How do you manage the balance of finding a partner who you can have great sex with who can also manage to have a stable career?
Me [21 F] and ex [21 M] broke up four months ago then he wanted to work things out but now he’s moved on
Boyfriend [M/25] won't give up emotional affair, should I [F/40] leave?
My [45M] neighbor [40sF] is a b*tch!
Free day
My(28F) husband(24M) has a drinking problem that has shattered the trust in our marriage
Recently got out of a 6+ year relationship how do I distract myself from thinking about them
This girl (21F) I’ve (22M) been talking to for a while suddenly stopped abruptly randomly. Did I do something wrong?
Boyfriend [M/25] won't give up emotional affair, should I [F/40] leave?
I (18f) need some cute ideas on a welcome home gift for my (18m) bf who is away
Decided to get back together to my [24 F] boyfriend [30 M] after we broke up again. Along the way, I've developed feelings for a good friend [26 M] of mine.
Boyfriend (24 m) lies to me (22 f) about trivial matters/female friends?
I (32F) overheard my boyfriends (29M) friend (28M) telling my BF that he could 'do way better' than me in terms of dating. My boyfriend defended me but still said some hurtful things.
Minor incident - Girlfriend hated bday presents; Am I reading into this too much?
Me [21F] ex [21 M] broke up 4 months ago but tried to work things out and now he has moved on.
This girl (21F) that I’ve been talking to a while is pretty much ghosting me (22M) and I can’t figure out why.
How to keep relationship interesting after honeymoon phase
M(22) questioning level of emotional support from girlfriend F(23)
I’m conflicted if I should break up with my boyfriend or ride it out
Me [26F] and guy I've been seeing [25M] asked for space, but has talked to me since. What to do?
In need of (highschool) girl advice
Minor incident - Am I making this a bigger deal than it is?
I’m depressed and don’t know what to do
I’m conflicted on whether to break up or ride it out.
Am I (18F) wrong for having sex with my friend's (19F) crush (22F)?
Ex-gf (34F)5 years is harassing/stalking me(35M) and new girlfriend (23F) 1.5 months
In need of girl advice (highschool)
Me [26F] and guy I've casually been seeing [25M] asked for space. Not sure what to do.
Boyfriend [22M] thinks he's a workaholic but I [22F] think he's absolutely not
I’m conflicted about breaking up with my boyfriend of 4 months
I need girl advice
How long does the honeymoon phase in a relationship last?
My girlfriend [21/F] makes me[23/M] uncomfortable with her loose lips.
I think that I've [28M] been a serial dater since I was 16, and I don't know how to cope
I [28M] snapped and ruined my dad's 65th birthday by confronting parent's alcoholism
Cheaters Caught
Doesn't want a relationship but it feels like thats where its going?
I think that I've [28M] been a serial dater since I was 16, and I need help feeling comfortable alone
Should I be content with what I have or strive for more
Cheaterscaughtredhanded
My [M19] girlfriend [F19] walks too slow
What is this kind of behavior called and how can I avoid it in dating?
In need in relationship advice
My [24f] best friend [24f] from high school and I made up after a bad, 6 year long fight and I don’t know how to reconnect with her
I [18m] love a girl [18f] who has a boyfriend [21m]
The girl I like has told me that she is scared of change. What should I do? (M20)
My girlfriend [25F] of 2 years has always had a jealous streak and really embarrassed me at a party this weekend. I [24M] think she may have crossed the line but am I being unreasonable?
Need help handling and interacting with someone who lacks social cues
What is this kind of behavior called, and how can I look out for it in the men I date?
I want to get something but the only person that could take.... but I know I will say too much and ruin the chance
I [18F] was shunned by my roommate [18f] and my other ex friend [18f], and it makes me sad everytime the other friend comes over.
Is two months too early to began discussing relationships in the future or exclusively dating?
Need help with handling and interacting with someone who lacks social cues
How do you deal with someone who is trying to be friends with you but you don't want to be friends with them?
What am I doing wrong?
The more I [F/25] date, the more I miss my ex [M/25]. How do I deal with this in a healthy way?
I'm [F17] concerned as my girlfriend [F16] won't stop playing Megalovania by Toby Fox on a virtual piano?
I [28M] snapped and ruined my dad's 65th birthday by confronting parent's alcoholism
Not sure if I should just force myself to be content with what I have or strive for what I want
Me [27 M] with my former boyfriend [32M] of two years, broke up last month and he wants me out ASAP
What am I doing wrong?
Help! Friend had family member pass away and professor emailed "harsh" comment about partner's enthusiasm during our presentation today.
I [M24] fucked up, but also think my partner [F22] is very manipulative, don't know what to do.
My (31F) family is visiting soon from overseas and my husband (29M) is becoming irate. How do I handle the situation?
I (f23) cheated on my ex (m33) because I was too much of a coward to break up with him. A month later he seems like he wants to make contact.
How to Trust Alcoholic Husband?
My (23M) ex (22F) called me after midnight after we agreed on no more communication?
I [20M] cannot connect with any of my co-workers [18-24] at my student job.
My (24m) parents won’t let me see my little brother (16m) because I’m a recovering addict.
I fucked up, but also think my partner is very manipulative, don't know what to do.
Friend doesn’t respect my opinion
I cheated on my ex because I was too much of a coward to break up with him. A month later he seems like he wants to make contact.
My (best?) friend (F/30) didn’t tell me she was pregnant, and I (F/29) found out on Facebook. Am I overreacting for not wanting to maintain our friendship?
Should I ask her out?TL;DR!
is it wrong and selfish of me for attempting to 'poach' a relationship?
I spoke with my mom for the first time in almost a year
friend doesn’t respect my opinion
I (25F) am in love with my boyfriend (26M) but I have no idea how he feels
Do I [20 M] need to tell girlfriend [19 F] about a harmless, minor crush I have on a mutual friend?
[M14] I don't know why I'm so bad with girls and I need help "UPDATE"
I’ve (M19) been talking to a girl on Snapchat (F19) and need some help
Should I ask her out?
He just stopped talking to me. I thought we were getting along.
High school memories coming back
I [24/m] just lost who I thought is the love of my life [24/f]
My roommate got a new girlfriend
I don't know what to do.
My friend [F31] makes fun of me [F29] in a mean spirited way and always interrupts me.
I keep looking for them but i cant see them
My bf [30 M] and his "friend" [23] seem too close
Feel like I will never really be IN love with someone after my ex
[33F] Married [33M] Emotional cheating, feel very lost, Please advise
My bf [30 M] and his "friend" [23] seem too close
A new family member comes onto the scene
Dating is tough but don’t lose hope!
Why is my 24f bf 25m so vague about the timeline of our future?
I (21F) can’t seem to accept that I’m good enough for my boyfriend(21M) physically or emotionally
My (18M) dad (44M) got really drunk a few weeks ago and tried to attack me
My bf [30 M] and his "friend" [23] seem too close
How can you end a relationship without the turmoil?
Cutting A Friend Off
[33F] Married [33M] Emotional cheating, feel very lost, Please advise
Should I let go of my friend based on our past?
Cutting off a friendship
New girlfriend [18f] said "I love you" after dating one week, is it a red flag?
My ex won't allow me to have people over and threatened to blackmail me?
What to do and how to move forward? Me(33m) wife(28)
CAn I have some examples?
pants on fire...need to vent
My (F21) boyfriend (M23) is upset that I don’t confront men who make me physically uncomfortable
24M Emotionally stuck figuring out at what point to walk away from a draining situation with a 23F that has a list of problems I want to fix and grow with
Going out of my mind over a fuckboy - any words of support?
My (31F) family is visiting from overseas and my husband (29M) is becoming hostile about them coming.
22f never accepted
Worried about my [18m] friend [18m] jumping to/from relationships
Me [19 M] with my Girlfriend [19 F] 1 month, confused on what she said to me after an issue
My(22F) boyfriend(22M) finally admitted he doesn’t want to spend Christmas with me
How do guys feel about giving their last name to their partners ?
Should I forgive?
I (18f) caught feelings for him (20m) and I don’t know where we are
My [28M] friend [29F] keeps trying to give my boyfriend [26M] the “wrong idea” about our friendship.
I'm jealous of my guy friend's girlfriend but I don't think I like him
How do I (more gracefully) approach the conversation that I attempted with SO about getting married?
24M and emotionally stuck figuring at what point you walk away from a draining situation with a 23F that has a list of problems you’ve dating seriously(23F) but want to grow with?
My (F21) boyfriend (M23) is upset that I didn’t say something to someone who inappropriately touched me.
My fiancée [33F] recently started asking me [27M] to stop wearing protection. Is this a bad sign?
Just read...
My (27/F) friend (32/M) of five years has become really distant and subconsciously passive aggressive towards me because I happened to turn him down a month ago.
Is my [25F] boyfriend's [32M] behaviour suspicious or am I crazy?
Lying to my SO.
My fiancée [33F] recently started asking me [27M] to stop wearing protection. Is this a bad sign?
I (22f) am planning on breaking up with my bf (21m) tomorrow or the day after. I have anxiety and am dreading the conversation, I am definitely doing the right thing but I'm not sure he'll see it coming (even though he should). If you have anxiety how do you deal with prepping for confrontation?
Me [23/M] and my girlfriend [21/F] got in a fight that almost resulted in a car crash and now we might break up.
I [23M] found out my [23F] girlfriend uses fetlife
My (28F) LDBF (28M) is a PermaNEET
I [23M] found out my [23F] girlfriend uses fetlife
Is this guy I’m dating stringing me along?
I [22M] am thinking about ending it with my [21F] Girlfriend. were in a long distance relationship, i feel like i’m the “bad guy”
How do I cope with rejection?
My parents [60s] have a toxic relationship with my [22F] dating life
Confused if friend of mine wants more?
Found out my (28F) LDBF (28M) is a permaNEET?
My [25F] boyfriend of 3 years [31M] tells me to "find someone else" when he gets frustrated during arguments
How do I [24f] relate to my mother [50f] when she is constantly unhappy and unwilling to do anything about it?
I told my Indian parents (50s) about my (24F) white boyfriend (25M). They took it as badly as I expected but I need communicating with them moving forward.
My [24 F] roommate [25 F] life is falling apart and I don’t know how to help her
Hi quick question
I (22M) am the unhappiest I've ever been in my life and I don't know what to do. Please, help.
What are ways that trust can be gained back? Someone broke my trust and I’m just trying to see the other side of things.
Sister (22F) and her husband (23M) don’t communicate well and overheard her telling my mom some issues. (2 years married.)
My(18f) mother(40f) gets mad at me if I refuse to let her borrow my money
(22M) having trouble getting over the fact that my (22GF) drunk texted her Ex
I (21M) feel my relationship (22F) ending with no cause.
I (F19) feel bad for making my bf (M20) feel bad for not texting back
I [29m] want to get past my unhealthy second guessing over my [25f] girlfriend of 6months
Confused if friend of mine wants more?
My (22f) boyfriend (23m) deleted texts from a girl
Me [28M] found dozens of searches for gay porn on Wifes [26f] phone
I [24M] am in a predicament with my wife’s [23F] current behaviour and can’t figure it out
boredom in relationships makes me afraid of marriage
I [29M] want to move the hell on and get over my unreasonable doubts about my [25f] girlfriend
Is it time for me (29F) to leave my 10 year marriage/relationship with my (29M) husband?
I [25M] struggle to trust others, make lasting friendships.
Me [18M] and my girlfriend [18F] of 1 and a half years argue a lot more in the last few months over little stuff with some backgrounf in our relationship, mostly coming for how afraid we are to lose eachother. What should I do too limit these arguements?
My (22f) boyfriend (23m) deleted texts from a girl
Help us [25F, 27M] find a fair way to split finances when moving in together
[deleted by user]
Me [28M] found tons of gay porn(male,male) seqrches on my Wifes phone [26f]
Unsure if I can trust a friend. Need suggestions on what to do.
My girlfriend (F 20) keeps getting sent love songs by a guy, and I (M 24) can't stand it.
I get overly emotional (Crying, but i am extremely happy/feeling so loved) during intimacy & when my fiance does sweet stuff. Is this normal?
Boyfriend deleted texts with a girl
I [F24] don’t know what to do about a hookup with him [M24]
Me [22F] with my ex [26M] of 4 years, I broke up with him, feel guilty for trying to move on
My girlfriend (F 20) keeps getting sent love songs by a guy, and I (M 24) can't stand it.
Navigating an inevitably short-lived....”thing” between me [21F] and a guy I’ve met abroad [25M]
Hooked up.. now what
Ex is still calling me after I blocked him.
I [27F] learned last night that my mother [48F] relapsed on methamphetamine.
My (26 F) bf (27 M) has me questioning my reality more and more each day. I'm not sure how much more I can take.
Should I (25F) ask my cuddle buddy I met on Tinder (27M) to hang out with me for a weekend?
My (26 F) bf (27 M) has me questioning my reality more and more each day. I'm not sure how much more I can take.
Abusive ex friend
inevitable pain?
Is there a way to determine someone's personality only online?
Ex is still harassing me even after I blocked his number
Is it weird to ask my (me: 25F) Tinder cuddle buddy (27M) to go hangout with me for a weekend?
Is the guy [26M] I’m [26F] dating closeted gay? Serious question.
I (26f) love my boyfriend (29m) but can’t stop thinking about my ex (27m). What do I do?
I am not going to my sister's college graduation...
I [23M] would like some relationship advice with my [22F] girlfriend
My (24m) parents won’t let my little brother (15m) visit me because of my past with addiction.
Do you care who your partner follows on social media?
Is there a way to determine someone personality only online?
I [22M] think I want to break up with my depressed, possibly suicidal girlfriend [21F]
Ex is still harassing me even after I blocked his number.
Am i (19m) incapable of loving someone
I (26f) love my boyfriend (29m) of 7 months, but can’t stop missing my ex (27m). What do I do?
My SO refuses to request time off for Christmas because he says he won’t get it approved. Even after he told me he would. Whenever I bring it up he gets very upset, I’d like for him to at least try. Even if he doesn’t get it off.
I am not attending my sister's graduation...
I [23M] would like some advice on my relationship with my [22F] girlfriend.
Toxic relationship with my best friend of 5 years, what do I do?
Help Me [18 F] determine the relationship with a guy [18 M]??
Need Advice! How do I (24F) deal with my boyfriend (25M) helping his ex-gf financially?
My (f54) husband (m56) hates our daughters (f18) sweet boyfriend (m18)
How should I (27F) handle Christmas and gifting at my family’s with my non-gifty husband (32M)?
We don’t talk anymore
I [F 24] am dating my bf [M 24] who has suddenly become chronically ill
Me 27M with my two friends 27M friend 32M of over 5 years. Got in an argument over fantasy football that may have destroyed our friendship...
Should I initiate or is this a sign?
Idk if this is the correct sub Reddit to ask but
Is it a red flag if I [25/M] ask my girlfriend [23/F] something in return?
Toxic relationship with my best friend of 5 years. What do I do
I (24F) client of by (34M)
My [22F] NEW boyfriend [27M] has a very fliratious [22F] coworker
I [F 24] am dating my bf [M 24] who suddenly has a chronic illness
My (24f) (24m) boyfriend embarrasses me a lot, and I think we have some sexual issues. Would love some insight. [first] [relationship]
Whenever my boyfriend [34M] replaces/buys anything for me [28F] or the household, it's always the cheapest version and it frustrates me
I(M16) am not sure how to approach her(F16)
Is this fair?
Has my(28f) best friend(33m) of 6 years been gaslighting me?
How does social media affect your relationships?
I don't know how to ask if we're still friends (early 20s)
I [F/19] am feeling very off about my [F/21] gf ...
How do I cope with rejection?
My [M27] Friend/coworker [m27] has suddenly gotten super intense about our business in all the wrong ways.
Is it normal to grieve an unhealthy/toxic/emotionally abusive relationship? (29 M and 26F)
Rules on posting pictures of divorced parents when they were together on the first anniversary of my brother's death.
Very confusing situation, and I need some guidance. (25-year old male friend of 24-year old female pwBPD)
Is it normal to grieve a toxic/unhealthy/emotionally abusive relationship when leaving?
I [24F] have wedding fever minus the wedding!
I'm [21/f] in love with my partner [22/m] who I have been with for 4 years. But, I recently met someone else [33/m] who I have also fallen in love with. I love both but my boyfriend has given me an ultimatum: I must choose one or the other. What do I do?
My boyfriend embarrasses me a lot, and I think we have some sexual issues with his constant want to cum. Would love some insight.
I [24M] lost the love of my life [23F] because of my mental health - am I the crazy ex? Is there any chance to win her back?
Advice for the future about when I [20F] should tell my next serious boyfriend about my time with Heroin and other drugs.
I don't know how to ask if we're still friends (early 20s)
i (22m) feel incredibly emotionally detached from my (21f) girlfriend.
I'm [M/27] the best man at my friend's [M/26] wedding but he hasn't talked to me for months!
My girlfriend (25f) was invited to a Friendsgiving and when asking if I (m29) could join was told no because she’s weirded out by new people being in her home
I [24M] lost the love of my life [23F] because of my mental health - am I the crazy ex? Is there any chance to win her back?
My (26m) gf (27 f) of a little over a year is upset that I don’t post on social media.
What do you think is a healthy amount of quality time to spend with your S.O?
Looking for alternative perspective.
I (30F) am ready to file for divorce. How do I make sure that splitting with my husband (37M) doesn’t do lasting damage to our daughter (2F)?
Can someone please slap me (30/F) upside the head and talk some sense into me??
When I am going through a dressive episode, my (28f) partner (25m) tells me how much it is negatively impacting him and this makes me feel worse
22f never accepted
My boyfriend is moving across the country.
thought about getting back together until...
I'm [21/f] in love with my partner [22/m] who I have been with for 4 years. But, I recently met someone else [33/m] who I have also fallen in love with. I love both but my boyfriend has given me an ultimatum: I must choose one or the other. What do I do?
Is my boyfriend gay? [25 M] and I am [25 F] he wants to try pegging and I don’t know how to feel or react to it !? What do you guys think?
My [24 M] girlfriend [25 F] found my ex-photo stash and she's pretty mad
I need ideas or help answer questions about my actions in my relationship, I am (23m) and she is (21f)
Why would a guy be completely into you and then back off out of no where?
My (27enby) ex fiancé (26enby) left me a few months ago and I’m just getting worse. I also started seeing someone (33f) new.
Gf invited to a dinner but was told not to bring the bf because new people weird her out and we’ve never met
i (22m) feel incredibly emotionally detached from my girlfriend (21f)
Tough Decision between Alcoholic Father (56) and Terminally Ill Friend (50s)
IS MY BOYFRIEND GAY ? [25 M] and I am [21F] he wants to try pegging and I don’t know how to react or answer to it ?
Me [37 F] with my friend [40 M] of 1 year, I'm hoping to turn the friendship romantic.
I [24M] lost the love of my life [23F] because of my mental health - am I the crazy ex? Is there any chance to win her back?
I’ve (18/F) started liking my best friend (18/M) all of a sudden
I (20M) want to escalate my relationship with a close friend (19F) but don't want to disturb the Dynamics of our friend group
I’m (18/F) suddenly feeling attracted to my guy best friend (18/M).
Tough Decision between Alcoholic Father (56) and Terminally Ill Friend (50s)
Would I sound crazy if I [20F] ask a guy I've been seeing [20M] if he's still interested after not hearing from for a few days?
He wanted reconciliation until...
My [25F] fiance prioritizes her job above everything [27M]
Depressed long distance boyfriend [M24] avoiding me [F21] for two weeks but still going to Amsterdam with his friends? [Long story]
I (19F) don’t know how to get past and trust my boyfriend(20M) after a break for him to explore feelings for his friend/coworker(20F)
I (24f) just slept with someone else(39m) while also being in a longterm, open relationship with (24M). It was incredible, I didn't anticipate that.
I (19F) don’t know how to get past and trust my bf (20M) after he explores feelings for his friend (20F)
I am a [18 M] and I think I am stuck in the friend-zone with my crush/best friend [17 F] for 10 months, How do I become more than just friends?
Probably of a relationship between two virgins (24F and 22M) working out?
[21M] Unsure if my relationship is healthy for me [22F]
How do i move past this [m27] [f21]
What can I [25F] answer when I get mind blanks when asked fact questions I usually know the answer to?
I (24F) love my boyfriend (25M) of 1 year, but hate the town we live in most everything else about my current living situation.
My parents [60s] have a toxic relationship with my [22F] dating life
A return of longing.
My GF [18 F] is telling me [19 M] she's asexual after being together for almost two years
VideoGame Problem between GF (25 F) and me (22 M)
I told my roommate (22M) that I (22F) had feelings for him. He didn't reciprocate, but now he's acting weird?
My best friend thinks I shouldn't charge my ex with physical assault.
My fiancee [30 M] sometimes hits me [32 F] in his sleep, not sure what to do
My moms wants to move into the same apartment complex as my boyfriend and I
Boyfriend (M22) complimenting another girl - am I reading too much into this?
Old friend [27M] is dating his second cousin [20sF] and I [26M] kinda don't want them around my get togethers. Am I being an asshole?
I (24F) love my boyfriend (25M), hate my town and most other stuff about my living situation.
What can I [25F] answer when I get mind blanks when asked fact questions I usually know the answer to?
What to do when you’re at a stalemate post-argument?
Is This Hopeless?
He (26/m) said he wasn't interested in a relationship, but is now dating someone else. How to get over an almost relationship?
I'm (26M) having trouble getting into relationships when I'm off ssris
Boyfriend (28M) kept an email account with porn/photos of friends and my (28F) sister
My [18M] friend [18M] almost died today and he cant see the seriousness of it.
Best friend thinks I shouldn't charge my ex with physical assault
I [23F] am worried for my brother's [35M] mental health, hatred of women and considering he might just be a bad person. Can I help him somehow?
My (36F) dad (69M) never shows an interest in us anymore
How do you handle / mentor other people who are just not mature as you are
My (21F) roommate (20F) is always cleaning the apartment and gets annoyed with me that I don't, I think this is based on the way I was raised by my mother and I resent her for it.
I'm (M/29) struggling to figure out if I should end my marriage
Me [40/m] with my gf[36 M/F] And I'm Worried I Overanalyze And Then Become Needy
Should I feel like I’m in the wrong? Or is what happened normal?
My (27M) ex GF (25F) brings her new boyfriend (28M) to everything; we have same friend group.
Me [00 M/F] with my ___ [00 M/F] duration, short-description;text
I'm (25M) a bad man and I did two bad things. I want to tell about them to love of my life, but I'm scared (F27). Help me!
This whole damian x starnight shouldn't be a thing and this is why
Religious friend (23M) is having remorse over relationship with girlfriend (19F)
My (26M), GF's (22F) Mum has ruined our relationship
I'm (M/29) struggling to figure out where my marriage is going
I want to ask my partner to NOT go to a party with me (30f with 32m, 1.5 years)
My recent ex bf (27) is on a downward spiral and I (30) don't know how to help.
My fiancée [27F] lied to me [30M] and jeopardized my fragile relationship with my family. I don't know how or if I even want to forgive her.
I (m 20) am still finding it hard to let go of feelings I have for my ex (f 20) of 4 years after she left me for her crush she has been seeing in secret from me for 1 year.
Don't feel at home when I'm at home
Religious friend (23M) has remorse over sexual relationship with girlfriend (19F)
Friendship with a fling?
How do I fix things with my boyfriend?
[M23] ready to tell my girlfriend to get in line or get out [F21]
I [18f] had a bad trip, I can't see my boyfriend [18m] the same way anymore
NEW: How to confront my brother (29) with his unreasonable demands on my BIG day.
I(32F) and my husband(28M) seem to have come to a crossroads on where to live?
I (22F) am feeling guilty, drained, and burnt out for ending a friendship (23M). I know I did the right thing, but how do I move past these feelings?
Meed advice post keeps getting banned
I need a date with this girl.
My gf and I are doing long distance 28m 27f and an in need of advice about non physical cheating
I'm (26M) having trouble getting into relationships without ssris.
I'm still in love with my ex-boyfriend
Should I (F25) tell my fiance (M27) about my bisexuality?
[M23] going to tell my girlfriend [F21] to obey or packup and get out!
I (M19) have been feeling flat and depressed. I can’t bring myself to talk to anyone about it
Mixed of feeling guilty, burned, and emotionally drained. How can I move on?
What does this mean?
My [20M] girlfriend [20] is very attatched to her parents
My engagement is falling apart
[Update] My mom [59F] passed away recently and left her house to me [25F]. My brother [24M] is furious.
What do I do if my Girlfriend (22f) says "I love you?" to me? (22m)
Bridesmaid in my wedding got married and did not even tell me...
Last talked to my online friend 2 days ago... not heard of her since
My [20M] girlfriend [20] is very attatched to her parents
My separation anxiety is making me miserable and is distancing me from my partner. My father's recent death is only exacerbating these feelings
F
Would you divorce your spouse for cheating (even if it was only on a few occasions?)
Is it worth me [20 M] asking this girl [23 F] out?
UPDATE: I (31F) got into an argument with my little sister's (22F) boyfriend (25M) and she is demanding that I apologize and says we need to have a serious "sister talk".
I [27f] am concerned about the way my BF [23m] talks about women/relationships.
How do I (22m) get my gf (21f) to take better care of herself
Looking for insight [30M]
My (30, F) Fiancé (31, M )Got a Lap Dance—Cheating or Not?
You guys are my last hope. I have a few days left to decide (I'm 24M partner is 24F, with another person in the story 24F) (long post with the rest in the comments)
Is it worth me [20 M] asking this girl [23 F] out?
My boyfriend (26M) doesn't want me (25F) to spend the night and it hurts my feelings
22M Not sure I can do a relationship
I (F/25) have knowledge that may impact my brother’s (M/19) employment prospects. Should I tell him what I know?
My boyfriend [25M] paid for lunch and I [24F] wrote in a $4 tip knowing he doesn't tip.
My (20M) girlfriend (20F) ghosted me after 2 years and had her best friend breakup with me.
My boyfriend (25M) and I (21F) can't talk to each other though we love each other like family
I am 13 weeks pregnant.
I've [23M] never been in a relationship and yearn for one, but my geographic instability keeps me from seeking one.
You guys are my last hope. I have a few days left to decide. please, help me. (heads up-long post)
I (32M) Accidentally Threw out $800 worth of my roommates(30M) Steroids.
Visiting family for a month - how to ensure familiarity doesn't breed contempt? :)
A friend ONLY contacts me when she is depressed/unhappy and wants to complain, and it really brings me down mentally. What is the best way to handle this without being mean and making it worse for her?
I (19f) lied about being raped to boyfriend (23m) (cross post from r/confession)
I (17F) don't want my two sisters (17F) and (19F) in my life because they treat me like garbage.
I [24F] am sharing a place with a childhood friend [23M] and his daughter [6F]. I have really strong feelings for him and I don’t want to mess up our relationship
My wife [38F] wants to sleep with our dog and I [45M] don’t.
My boyfriend [25/M] paid for lunch and I [24F] wrote in a $4 tip knowing he doesn't tip.
My (23f) boyfriend (25m) told me he loves me. I love him too, but are we getting carried away?
My [34M] best friend [31F] got engaged and its devastated me. I'm questioning my own marriage now.
I am 13 weeks pregnant. TL;DR my boyfriend [20] made me [19] choose between being with him or keeping our baby, left me anyways, and now I feel more conflicted than I already was.
My boyfriend (26M) doesn't want me (25F) to spend the night and it hurts my feelings
My [23F] ex [26M] still stays in touch with my friends - am I overreacting?
I (21 M) can't maintain a girlfriend.
My [28M] Wife's [28F] Anxiety is ruining our marriage and I feel horrendous for feeling that way.
Why should I stay at a "career" I hate that my husband is unsupportive towards?
I call my sisters’s grandkids my grand nieces and nephews- and I’m their grand aunt which makes perfect sense so why is it more common to say great niece/nephew or aunt/uncle? It doesn’t make sense nor does it sound right
My therapist [30F] sent me [20F] sent me a payment invoice even though I already paid her
Me (22M) had been with my girlfriend (20F) for 4 years, 2 years long distance and she left her social media logged in so I searched my name in her inbox and now feel bad about what I saw
Me [35 M] with my wife [39 M/F] of 3 years, received inappropriate pictures from some guy she knows
My (M23) fiancee (F22) hit me again is it that big of a deal?
My (31M) girlfriend (26F) receives flirty text messages from other guys - updated with tl;dr
My [21F] boyfriend [20M] says he doesn’t know if he would leave me our child in a certain hypothetical situation we discussed. Need advice
I [25F] feel guilty letting myself get excited about my upcoming engagement to my BF [27M]
My bf is so much better looking than me and I hate it
Should I [21F] justify skipped class to my [60s M] professor?
I'm (22f) considering leaving my bf (25m) but don't know if I'm overreacting
My girlfriend was paid to participate in a sex party. Learning about it triggered strong emotions in me.
Is my(22F) guy friend(23M) interested after rejecting me?
I [18m] have feelings for my best friend [17f]
Is this dude really my friend? Am I an asshole?
At what age do you find you wouldn't want to marry again if your spouse or partner died?
I [24F] agreed to dates with two guys [M 25,27] and I’m feeling guilty and anxious about it.
My girlfriend was paid to participate in a sex party. Learning about it triggered strong emotions in me.
My (31M) girlfriend (26F) receives flirty text messages from other guys
Me [22 M] and girlfriend [20 F] have been together for 4 years and I saw her private messages
I [18M] have caught feelings for my best friend [17F] and I am 90% it’s not mutual.
I(29M) had to sell my dream car to meet financial goals but I am miserable now.
Boyfriend [26M] quick to be mad over anyone looking at me [23F] but doesn’t care if it’s reversed
Me [35 M] with my wife [39 M/F] of 3 years, received inappropriate pictures from some guy she knows
Fight with my mom (54F) ended up with me (22F) holding a knife.
Me (20F) and my brother (13M) are abusive to each other. I just realized this a few moments ago and feel horrible
Partner(27f) (for 4 year) has never eaten meat because of her parents. May I convince her?[queue]
my [F,21] "ex" [M,18] unfollowed me on instagram 5 months after breaking up?
I get little to no emotional support from my boyfriend
Found A Friendship Necklace From My Old Best Friend
I (25) had sex with someone when me and my boyfriend (26) broke up and now he's heartbroken
to break up or not
How do I (22F) become more understanding of my partner (23M)?
I (24F) am worried that my boyfriend (22M) and I will never get there physically?
I’m [M20] interested in this girl [19] and need help to figure out if she’s into me too.
Gf wont let me sleep because she’s depresssed and unhappy
My (28f) boyfriend (29m) won’t discuss marriage
Fight with mom (54F) ended up with me (22F) holding a knife.
My therapist [30F] sent me [20F] sent me a payment invoice even though I paid her last session.
My(F 21) Boyfriend (M 22) went on holiday with friends, and I have rarely heard from him since
I am [19F] and my boyfriend [20M] wants to give up an opportunity for me? Should I let him?
Girlfriend has never eaten meat because of her parents. May I convince her?
Need Help Preparing to Move Back with Parents (33F)
I (m21) may have gotten my colleague (f26) pregnant. What do I do?
Will my [24F] relationship with my mother [48F] eventually impact my relationship with bf [28M]?
My (28f) boyfriend (29m) won’t discuss marriage
He likes me but is not pursuing or texting back. Help!
[M/20] In love with [F/20]. Boring sex.
I (16F) have been in a relationship with my boyfriend (18M) for a month. I don't understand if i should break up with him or try to make it work
Me [22 M] with my ex/sister [24 F] 6 years, missing her after a row
I can't break up with my boyfriend even if I tried
Found A Friendship Necklace From My Old Best Friend
Having issues with existing friendship
Texting this girl we are just friends!
I know he likes me a lot but he's not pursuing or responding to my texts. What to do?
My(25) boyfriend(25) is breaking up with me because I have been selfish in our relationship and did not give the same amount of effort and sacrifices. I'm the reason he is not reaching for his dreams
Threw out $800 worth of my roomates steroids.
I can't break up with him even if I tried
My (21F) boyfriend (21M) says he has a secret that would make me want to leave him if I found out?
Don’t like my gf kids
HELP. My wedding is in 30 days. My brother (29) has demanded his own room. We have him sharing with my sister (32). We would have to kick out my fiancé’s like a second father out (70s).
Found Creepy Video Footage in S/O's (26/M) Phone
Should I let my boyfriend [20M] give up an opportunity for me?
Boyfriend Still in Contact W/ Ex
Indecisive.. re-marry ex?
I (25/F) don’t know how to stop worrying about relationships
HELP! Many wedding is in 30 days and my brother (29) is demanding his own room. We would have to kick out my fiancé’s friend’s father and wife (70s) who is like a second father to him to make space. What do I do?
After spending pleasant weekend together, and me (f/36) getting sick, I haven't heard from bf (40) of 1 month after he dropped me off home yesterday
I [25F] need some ideas for a flirty and clever bet for my second date!
Sleepless in State College
Found Creepy Video Footage in S/O's (26/M) Phone -- At a loss with what to do
Boyfriend Being in Contact W/ His Ex
Moral Dilemma: Libido vs. Love?
I'm trying to [27F] date an extremely shy man [31 M] How can I make him feel more comfortable?
Should I (25m) break up with my GF (25f), because she is having a hard time being attracted to me?
Need to break up with my (22F) boyfriend (23M) but still like him and not ready to move on
My (21M) friend (21M) keeps warning me about my new gf's (19F) kpop hobby
Boyfriend feels more like a roommate and I don't know if it's worth fighting for anymore
I (29M) have a crush with my close girl that's a friend (25F) and can't tell if she feels the same
I didn't want to cheat on my ex and now the man of my dreams has another.
My (21F) childhood best friend (22F) is cheating on her partner with no remorse and acting disrespectful to me
Moral Dilemma: Am I am asshole?
Should I (25m) break up with my GF (25f), because she is having a hard time being attracted to me?
Any advice for my mundane relationship?
This girl (23F) that I (22M) have been dating lied to me, what should I do?
Girlfriend (27f) told me she changed her sex habits when we (29m) started dating
Should I (25m) break up with my gf (25f), because she is having a hard time being attracted to me?
Transparency and passwords in relationships
Broke up with GF for what may be the last time [30m][26f]
This girl (23F) that I (22M) have been dating lied to me, what should I do?
Boyfriend (23M) keeps joking about being gay to me (22f)?
Relationship issues...
Girlfriend (27f) told me she change sex habits when we (29m) started dating
How should I (24F) try and patch things up with my brother (30M) before Thanksgiving?
I [23F] had a really unsettling and scary sexual experience with an older man [43m] I have been casually seeing.
I (30F)don't want to spend the holidays with my boyfriends (27M) family
A little help please!
My boyfriend (24M) is very flirty with his online friend (23F). Is this cheating? I am (20F).
Me [23 M] having a hard time getting over ex [26 F]; broke up with me, traveled with someone to another country 2 weeks later, was baffled why I thought she cheated on me. Drunk texted her this past weekend...
Just a little help please.
Me [30sF] with my friend [30s], she's trying to get pregnant and is involving me WAY too much
Doesnt want a relationship but it feels like it is going that way?
I need relationship advice, I am so lost
I (46f) am leaving him (49m) but how do I survive?
Just a little help please
[31M] wants ex-fiancee [33F] to 'get over' breakup so they can be best friends
How do I (16F) ask my dad (44?M) to let me dropout?
I [21/f] kissed another guy [18/m] what should I do?
My boyfriend is sure about our future, and now I have doubts
My overweight friend [F23] is going on a date with a hot guy from Tinder. How do I [F23] tell her he only wants to have sex with her and nothing else?
Beyond lost, I have no idea what to do. Should I stay and fix it or should I gtfo or something in between?
Can a relationship work if it seems you're not sexually compatible ?
I [23/M] drank my crush's [22/F] soda at work and now I'm worried she won't like me anymore. Am I overreacting?
[31M] wants ex-fiancee [33F] to 'get over' breakup so they can be best friends
Girls: Would you interpret this as a date request?
What Christmas gift I should get for my boyfriend?
How do I (16F) tell my dad (44?M) that I can't do school at the moment
I [16F] found my boyfriend [17M] of 2 years reddit account and am concerned
Complementing a female (29f) that was interested in me (31m) romantically in the past.
Should I [17M] move out alone next year or share room with boyfriend [19M]
My (F21) best friend (and fuck buddy) (M22) kissed me in public
My [30F] friendship with a neighbor [42M] soured, and he’s suddenly become aggressive.
[21M] 4 months and still can't get over ex. Help?
Should I move to new city to be with my partner while he's at uni?
Capricorn dating a Taurus
Capricorn and Taurus relationships
Worried about my (24m) relationship with my mom (58f) if I do what will make me happy
I'm [19M] recently started a relationship with my best friend [19F], but I'm not in love with her.
Christmas gift for my boyfriend
I (24f) dates this guy (30m) for two years on and off
My [22F] boyfriend [24M] is afraid to talk about the future
What is going on in his head?
An emotional and inspiring story of how woman handled news of betrayal...
Should I (F20) ever forgive (F26) friend again...
Feeling kind of off?
After 4 years of loneliness, I've finally been with someone... and I'm sad
My [22F] boyfriend [24M] is afraid to talk about the future
Googled his name. Found out about celebrity parent assault/porn scandal. Should I bring it up?
[21M] Can't get over ex after 4 months. Still feel miserable
I slept talked another girls name while sleeping next to my girlfriend. How badly did I screw up?
My girlfriend (24F) of six months is leaving in a year without me (28M)
Considering leaving my (27f) partner (22m) because he says incredibly cringey cheesy things to me I can’t handle.
Am I (F20) right in thinking I don’t want to speak to this person (F26) again? ( UK)
Googled his name, found out about celebrity parent assault/porn scandal, unsure if I should bring it up.
How do I (48f) continue to be a supportive friend to one of my closest friends ( 47f) who continues to make horrible choices
if i may ask for help..
How can I [33M] deal with my apathetic brother [28M]
My [27M] little brother [21M] is not acting like an adult and our parents [53M, 50F] enable him.
Upset/confused over my (F20) ex(?)bf’s (M22) lying.
After 4 years of loneliness, I've finally been with someone
So I have a question, and please hear me out and get back to me ASAP
Help! I'm (44m} still hung up on my HS girlfriend!
Not sure if my (23F) marriage to my (36M) husband is going to work out.
Boyfriend unsure of our future together
I (61/f) am at a loss how to handle my bf (66/m) lies about his finances especially since he wants to move in.
My[20M] gf [21F] just betrayed me.
My (17F) boyfriend (17M) cuddled with his an ex-hookup on a bus ride. Am I overreacting? (Throwaway account)
Googled his name, found out about celebrity parent rape/porn scandal, should I bring it up?
My (22F) BF (22M) says he wants a future with me, what does that really mean?
22f he never contacted me again
Me [30 F] with guys I date [35-40 M] they seem to not care about me when they are with me, but when I leave they say I'm their soulmate. What to do?
My exGF is still in love with me (and I'm with her)
Overthinking maybe.
Advice to end a toxic relationship?
Not sure if my (23)F marriage with (36)M is going to work out.
My (22F) boyfriend (22M) said he “wants a future with me,” what does that mean?
Should I give him this last chance?
Feeling lost [m27] f[21]
How can I [33M] deal with my apathetic brother [28M]
BF [34M] and I [30F], 9 years together. Always has a reason why he can't propose right now, and while they're valid in his head, it really hurts after waiting this long
Am I [25F] overstepping boundaries with my boyfriend's housemates?
I [20M] feel like I'm losing one of my only friends [20M], can this friendship be saved?
Thoughts please? Unsure if I should share my boyfriend.
What steps can I take to better/nurture/repair my relationship with a fearful attachment?
Panicking about how to react to my (F20) ex?bf's (M22) actions.
Is it normal to doubt your affection to your partner?
My uncle had sex with my ex and I’m not sure how to feel about it.
My (38f) 16 year old son "hooked up with" a college girl (20/21f) by pretending to in a fraternity. Husband says "boys will be boys," I want to go scorched earth against her, the college, campus police, etc...
How important is the sexual side of a relationship ?
Trying to find the light [M27] F[21]
Shady boyfriend
Should I [29F] tell my father [58M] that I am getting married?
My fiance[22f] broke up with me[26m] by no fault of mine.
A friend [27/f] ONLY contacts me when she's depressed or unhappy and wants to complain, and these messages bring me down too. What is the best way to handle this?
boyfriend might be violent, what do i do? (18 F)
My fiancé broke up with me by no fault of mine. Very frustrated.
What does he want from me? Should i read into it?
What are the important questions to ask a SO before getting serious/committing?
Boyfriend (25) cheated on me (23), we made up, now new details are making me questioning everything again. Need advice!
he (M16) told me yesterday that he doesn't believe that I (14F) love him anymore. He thinks I've been lying for 6m.
My Mother
[19M] Having PTSD like Symptoms from Past Breakup followed by Death
My [17F] bf [17M] has been crazy stressed because college apps recently, and I want to help him with the stress but I’m not sure how
I (16M) am having trouble with my girlfriend (16F). She likes a friend of mine and I’m struggling.
I [29f] just had two miscarriages and my husband [30m] is too busy with work to be here for me. I am sick of being told i'm sorry for your loss and nobody talking to me.
My[22M] Ex[20F] is saying she wants me die and is being a dick to people just because they know me and its been 3 years.
Me [24M] and my [23F] just ended a seemingly perfect relationship of 3 years. Much better experience than I thought.
I [26M] have just moved in with my GF [22F]. We have a 6 month tenancy agreement. What can I do if I decide that I don’t like her and want to move out?
Boyfriend [30M] and I [27F] of 2 years are stuck in a horrible fighting dynamic, help?
Would appreciate to PM someone about me [24m] breaking up with my ex [23f] of 3 years.
I [22F] really want to tell someone I'm into him [21M] but am unsure of how or if I should
My (25F) husband (28M) makes me look bad in front of his friends
I (22M) think I like a classmate (20/21F probably). But I'm confused and not sure if all I'm looking for is some emotional support. I think I need your opinions and advices!
Depressed gf keeps me up till 3 because she says she can’t be happy unless I talk to her
I [16F] found my boyfriend [17M] of 2 years reddit account and am concerned
My wife [36F] has decided to end her marriage with me [31M] after 10 years and I'm unsure how to stop feeling like such a failure.
I think my cousin and I could be good friends, but I barely know her at all. How do I start a conversation w/out it being weird?
I [16F] found my boyfriend [18M] of 2 years reddit account and am concerned
I moved out to Seattle for my boyfriend to find a used condom in his bathroom...am I crazy for leaving on the next flight ?!
I [23F] have the best relationship with my bf [25M] and we both agree communication is key... but how do you ask for something in the relationship without feeling that they're just humoring you?
My (28F) boyfriend (29M) no longer wants sex with me after I told him I also want to orgasm. (NSFW)
Dealing with depression in a relationship - Possible toxicity
I think my cousin and I could be good friends, but I barely know her at all. How do I start a conversation w/out it being weird?
How do I (female) politely proposition a guy I don't know?
Has my (21m) ex (20f) lost the plot? One day sends me flowers apologising and the next day blocks me?
My boyfriend [22] is waiting to hear on his fathers potentially life changing diagnosis - I’m [20F] worried for our relationship, his mental health and his future goals
Moved out to Seattle for my boyfriend to find a used condom in his bathroom....
I(18f) am worried I'm ruining my relationship with my boyfriend(24m)
My boyfriend [22] is waiting to hear on his fathers potentially life changing diagnosis - I’m worried for our relationship, his mental health and his future goals
My [24F] girlfriend [22F] likes chatting with dudes and it's making me mad
I could really use some honest advice she and I are both early 20s in college.
How do I (female) politely proposition a guy I don't know?
Need advice for a friend: Her (31F) boyfriend (40ishM) doesn't let her go to therapy although she is severely depressed.
Friend [22 M] got drunk and tried to sleep with me [22 F]. How should I handle this?
My(28F) husband(30M) cheated on me while on a trip to visit friends
My [23F] boyfriend [27M] of 1 year is porn-obsessed. Am I being unreasonable?
Hubby(37) Having Second Thoughts Relationship Woes With Wife (27)- Chit Chat Story Time Part 2
Do I need courage or is there more to it?
How do you forget an extremely toxic relationship
Racist mother in law
Friend wonders if she should leave Boyfriend
I [27M] been with girlfriend [25F] for 7 years. But, the sexual thoughts and desires for other women are there. Anyone else have this problem in their relationship?
My wife (F27) and I (M29) are separating because she has accepted that she is gay.
Should i be worried if my girlfriend has a dream about her ex boyfriend?
I [27M] been with girlfriend [25F] for 7 years. Its great. But, the sexual thoughts and desires for other women are there. Anyone else have this problem in their relationship?
My wife (F27) and I (M29) are separating because she has accepted that she is gay.
Should I[25/f] be worried about my boyfriend's [27/m] past?
My [31M] girlfriend's [27F] mother is in the midst of receiving biopsy results for what was discovered in a mammogram and it is affecting the run up to an international trip for both of us to visit my family for Thanksgiving.
Ask a girl on a date?
I need help.
this guy [20M] I [17F] was close friends with suddenly wants to be friends again
My fiancé requests to live together with his sister
Me [26M] and my [24F] fight almost every single night and weekend. The fighting is really starting to take a toll on my life and I just want out now. However, we recently signed a lease together and she is against breaking up.
[28M] Wondering if girls get excited to be with a muscular guy?
I (21F) am having an identity crisis
My [22m] girlfriend [21f] is sending me mixed signals and she's going slightly insane.
Husband (37)masturbating with wife (F32) of three years four steps away, is this strange or am I over thinking it?
Why can't/don't I (30F) feel proud of my boyfriend (39M)?
I [17M] need some advice about navigating my relationship with a long-time friend/crush [17M] of mine.
About to start my first real relationship??
I love my boyfriend but his father living with us is killing our relationship!
How can I make Christmas extra special this year after a tough one last year?
My [35F] friend [27F] is becoming needy and it's having a negative impact on me.
Is this situation strange? Found husband(37M) to be masturbating with wife (32F) in the other room?
How upset would you be if you were about to go out of town for a week and your partner spent the whole day before you leaving to play video games and watch football?
My [M28] GF [F25] was overly touchy and affectionate with a male colleague in front of me while we went for drinks and basically showed me no affection in front of her colleagues
My girlfriend said that I (M28) dont care about her children and that I dont need to take that the wrong way, In what way am I'm supposed to take it?
I (26/m) broke up with my girlfriend (22/f), found out she was in an accident/coma two weeks later. I regret everything.
I [28F] snapped at my best friend (gay) [27M], and I am concerned about the friendship after apologizing
My [25F] insecure girlfriend [21F] uncomfortable with me contacting exes
I’m (24/F) having trouble finding a legal way to stay in my boyfriend’s country and he (27/M) doesn’t seem to worry about it
Unconscious feelings for my ex
My gf (23) and i (24) had the talk about about our pasts and it gave me a panic attack
My [23F] grandma's [F65] friend [F65] is pressuring her to date again, but my grandma dies not want to.
How can I make Christmas extra special this year after a tough one last year?
How To Comfort A Depression Girlfriend?
Boyfriend(28M) wants to go on a solo trip overseas and meet up with an overseas friend(20sF). I feel a bit uncomfortable with it. I want to know if I'm being irrational and if there's any room for compromise.
I (26F) am pregnant and the baby’s father (26M) weirds me out
I had and am still having a panic attack please read
How do you know when it is love ?
I [24] just ended a six year relationship with my bf [25] and don’t know how to feel
I think my best friend [24f] is jealous of me [23f] and her boyfriend [25m].
How to properly break off a long distance relationship?
My [22m] girlfriend [22f] of five years broke up with me, should we stay friends?
Girlfriend (19F) of 5 years broke up with me (20 M). I feel blindsided and lost.
This morning I (23F) broke my own heart, I let go of a man (24) who could never love me because he didn’t know what is was or how to show it, now I am in pieces.
I [24] just ended a six year relationship with my boyfriend [25]
My grandmother's [F68] friend [F68] is pressuring her to start dating again.
My [25F] insecure girlfriend [21F] uncomfortable with me contacting exes
[deleted by user]
I (21M) feel unloved by my partner (19)
Im had and am still having a panic attack please read
My [30/M] wife [24/F] told me during a talk we had that she hates my guts every time I talk but that otherwise she swoons over me when she sees me.
I [28F] snapped at my best friend (gay) [27M], and I am concerned about the friendship after apologizing
Me (32f) with my husband (33m) of 12 years - accusing me of playing games and I'm not.
I [21M] am feeling a bit unloved by my [19] partner.
Me (32f) with my husband (33m) of 12 years - accusing me of playing games and I'm not.
Marital counselling
My girlfriend [22/F] out of nowhere tells me [22/M] she can't compete with my ex
Me (M23) should I try even harder to get her (22)
I think my [29F] new friend [29M] is being pushy, am I over-reacting and what should I do?
My (18) now exgf (18) broke my heart
Marital counselling
Do i (m,21) have the right to be upset because my ex (f,21) is going out with my ex best friend (m,28)?
My [25F] with my friends [20sM/F], they always attempt to humiliate me in front of other friends/people.
My ex bestfriend's friend looks at me, could she like me or worry about me? (Kinda long explanation)
First love fears; this is my [18F] first relationship and my first time falling in love. My boyfriend [19M] and I have been dating for 6 months and the thought of falling in love more than I already am makes me want to run away.
I (25 F) have been hung up on the same person for 8 years
How do you know when love is real ?
First love fears; I’m [18F] scared of getting hurt and it’s making me want to run away.
Bf [21] has no intention of staying with me [21] after graduation, should we still stay together the remainder of the year?
My boyfriend of 4 years (22M) emotionally cheated on me (22F) and refused to stop/kept lying. What do I do?
My friend F(17) grabbed my hand during a date, but I M(19) unconsciously pulled away. It bothered her in the car and now refuses to talk about what happened
Found out my bf (35) slept with a sex worker in Tokyo that was gifted to him by his Japanese friends when he was 28
I (25M) went through my (27F) GFs phone, getting the karma for it
Female friend of my fiance made a nasty face when he gave me(f24) a kiss.
How do you cope with not being with someone who does like you?
Together but not officially?
Don't know what to do
I (31F) travel a lot for work. 3 month relationship (35M) getting serious and worried we're off to a bad start?
Help! I [25/f] need advice on how to get my ex [30/m] to move out of my Grandmother’s house. She has dementia and I’m sole caregiver.
Got other girl pregnant.
My (24 F) parents (50's) don't want me to move to a city two hours away
My ex [23F] and I [24M] broke up a few days ago and we’re both okay with it. It’s my first break up and I’m not sure how exactly I should feel?
My (26/M) friend is suddenly pursuing me (21/F) even though he knows I'm in a relationship. I feel incredibly naive and I don't know how to let him down easy.
Don't know what to do
[deleted by user]
Went through my GFs phone, getting the Karna for it
Very Conflicted 22yo Female
My[27F] GF [28 MTF] of 13 years keeps calling me abusive..
Helping Friend (21M) With His Breakup
My girlfriend (now ex) [23F] and I [24M] broke up Thursday but neither of us are upset and still talking to each other, is this a bad thing?
My GF and I just broke up (longest and most serious relationship)
I (22F) am always buying and paying for stuff for my boyfriend (28M) even though he doesn't tell or want me to, since he doesn't have a job as of the moment. Is this behaviour smothering him or a burden?
My [20F] boyfriend [20M] told me to leave him alone for him to cool off. I did and woke up to a bunch of panic texts?
HELP ME
Am I overreacting about my[19F] boyfriends[22M] true intentions of OUR Canada Trip?
Senior dating a sophomore
I [27f] told the one who got away never to contact me again and I feel nothing.
I don't know what to do anymore
Does anyone like "toxic relationships" better than normal ones?
My [20F] boyfriend [20M] told me that I should leave him alone to cool off, so I did and he got some sort of panic attack.
M
Am I [19F] being over dramatic about my boyfriends[22M] true motives of our trip to Canada?
Hello, I’m a senior in highschool, currently 17 turning 18 in the three months, would it be weird to date a sophomore whose 16 years old??
I [27f] told the one who got away never to contact me again. I'm confused because I feel nothing.
How do you know you're ready to start dating again after a breakup? (42M)
“i’m the happiest boy alive that you’re my girl” is one of the cutest things a guy can say to a girl
ExFiance went from planning family move/roadtrip to breaking up and evicting me, toddler, and dog. Overnight.
I [F/19] just reunited with an old childhood friend [M/18] and we are both confused.
Addiction/Violence
Why did I (25M) get ghosted by my tinder date (20F)?
I [22M] am in a weird spot with this girl [21F] where we're sexually but not romantically exclusive and she's started to be a little flaky after I accidentally tried to DTR...
Baby mama drama! 🤯
Awkward in new relationship
My [19M] girlfriend [22F] is insecure about her intelligence in comparison to mine
Me (F) 22 In a long distance relationship with M (22) and I drunkenly danced with another guy at a club recently
am i overreacting?
I (29F) found out that my long term boyfriend (37M) lied about where he is from. He was actually born in Kosovo and lived through the war there in the 1990's. I got angry at him and now realize that was a huge mistake to get mad at him for that.
Potential GF (18) is DTF, but I'm (18) not sure. Am I being rude?
My (19m) girlfriend (19f) has anxiety and it’s tearing me apart
My (17F) relationship with my mom (49F) and Dad (55M) is going down hill as I prepare for college. I am lost and hurting.
My [19M] girlfriend [22F] is insecure about a perceived intelligence disparity
Potential GF is DTF, but I'm not sure I'm feeling it. Advice?
I (M18) fell for this girl (F18) but I am not sexually attracted to her.
How to get a girls number when she’s working?
I'm (25m) not sure what to do
Really need help figuring out some “relationship” stuff
My Husband Doesn't Like Eating Pussy
Exploring Beyond the Friendzone
Before I(19f) came out I was dating a coworker(21m) fellow coworker(26f)has started dating him and shuns me and acts like we aren't friends.
Get workers attention (22f)?
Should I [40F] separate my finances from my [41M] spouse?
Just found out my boyfriend [19M] gave one of my [19F] expensive necklaces to another girl for her birthday
I [27F] have a crush on my coworker [30s M] and now it's weird.
Ladies
Have no idea what to do?
My (25/M) friend (25/F) of eight years asked me out on a date just now, unaware of the fact that I’ve been seeing her sister (35/F) for the past two months.
I (22f) want to cheat on my boyfriend (20m)
I[m25] cant seem to get over my abusive ex[f23]nd its ruining dating and possible relationships for me
I’ve been “stringing along” my husband for 4 yrs, now he’s dating someone else
I [M21] found out my GF [F24] sent sex videos to her ex
(M)y prior porn watching has destroyed our sexuality and physical affection. Help :(
My best friend (24F) just got engaged today and I'm (23F) finding it really hard to be happy for her.
I [24F] hate sex with him [27M] but still want to be friends
I (22F) am sexually unsatisfied but my boyfriend (27M) thinks it’s my own fault
I [19M] am hurting but my LDR girlfriend [19F] seems happy and content.
[deleted by user]
I [24 M] am having some communication issues with my mother [55 F] regarding our trust.
Girlfriend (28F) went on holiday with 3 old friends (FMM), tells me she wants to try weed, how should i react?
I [22f] have trouble stay committed to my [20m] bf
Atheist dating a Muslim- future children?
I’ve been “stringing along” my porn addicted husband and now he’s dating someone else
My best friend (24F) just got engaged today and I'm (23F) finding it really hard to be happy for her.
I [26F] am buying a house and moving out of state with [29M] and my feet have gone ice cold
My housemate and I have an intolerable living situation but he might not want to release me from the lease I can’t afford just to be vindictive. What are my options?
[22M] My [22F] girlfriend wants to wear her natural hair and I find it unattractive (x-post from r/relationship_advice)
My [45F] daughter [23] wants to move out over a silly fight
My ex(18M) and I (17 F) still call and act like we’re in a relationship
Girlfriend (28F) on holiday with a few (3 other FMM) old friends, told me she wants to try weed. How should I react?
What have you sacrificed for a significant other? Do you regret it?
My [19F] friend [20M] keeps talking to me about how much he hates our mutual close friend [20M] and I am not sure how to deal with it
I [26F] am buying a house and moving out of state with [29M] and my feet have gone ice cold
Why do I go for "trashy" girls and girls with baggage.
My (17M) girlfriend (17F) decided that we needed to take a break. Need help comprehending the situation we are currently in.
How to do breakup with LTR(5 years) while on long distance.
Have no idea what to do (girl)?
I( 33 m) have confused feelings about my friend ( 34 f) and gf ( 32f)
I [22F] don’t think I can handle my trainee [22F] for another shift.
My bf (M 29) thinks it’s rude that I (F 25) am hurt that he ditched our plans to go hangout with friends
Why am I (26|F) the way that I am towards my mother?
Should I [26F] take this guy [39 M] seriously?
How can I [22F] not feel jealousy/insecurity about my boyfriend's [22M] close female friend [22F]?
My fiance says she has been contemplating leaving me... so I'm sharing the text we sent each other because I need advice.
My girlfriend wants to go natural!
My (17M) girlfriend (17F) decided that we needed to take a break. Need help comprehending the situation we are currently in.
I’m I (24f) being unfair to my best friend (23f) by confronting her about how she has been treating me?
Oblivious
i've possibly lost the best girl that came into my life (17m) (17f)
My [28M] new girlfriend [23F] sends me a LOT of lewds, but they are losing their effect
Have no idea what to do
I [28M] started dating someone [28F] thinking I could stay friends with my FWB [27F], but she ended the friendship. Am I selfish/insensitive for being annoyed?
Am I (24F) being unfair to my best friend (23F)?
The girl (23f) I (23M) met on a dating app just met my girlfriend (23F) this weekend.
Why am I (26|F) the way that I am towards my mother?
I’m interested in this one girl right now but I also think I still have some feelings for this old crush of mine. What do I do?
Me [17M] and cute girl [16F] have liked each other for over a year but I can't build up the courage to talk to her again
Friend (18f) ghosted me (17f) for working with her abusive ex (17m)
Me (24/F) with my boyfriend (27/M) of 1.5 years. I’m running out of ideas to legally stay in his country and he’s not being very helpful.
UPDATE: My [30F] LDR boyfriend [32M] has been living with another woman
Non Muslim [22f] dating a Muslim boyfriend [24m]
My husband was called a saint by another parent today
It’s really not him, it’s me. How do i break up with him?
I (20M) need help reflecting own past relationship (21F) and Life, Dating and my Virginity!
My bf [28M] uses the pronoun 'we' when talking about the past, when he was with his ex-gf. Am I [28F] being insecure at constantly being reminded of this girl?
Atheist [22f] dating a Muslim [24m], debate about religion of future children
my (20F) bf (21M) sexually harassed someone while he was drunk
How do I [17F] go about asking my parents to let my go on a trip with my BF [17M]?
How do I (M14) talk to my crush (F13)?
DÂY PHAO PHÂN LÀN HỒ BƠI
Girl I dated [21 F] would hide from me [21 M] her origins, but why?
My [24] boyfriend [24] of 5 years makes me feel weird about money.
My [22M] girlfriend [24F] keeps guilting me to try to sabotage my former employer and won't take no for an answer. What do I do?
What do I do?
Instagram likes wife gives
In love with best friend's ex, feeling horrible
Non Muslim dating Muslim boyfriend
Boyfriend [30M] is constantly paranoid of me [20F] cheating on him when I go out with friends
My bf [28M] uses the pronoun 'we' when talking about the past, when he was with his ex-gf. Am I [28F] being insecure at constantly being reminded of this girl?
It’s really not him, it’s me. Need advice.
This girl ive been dating (22f) has been making me (22m) feel pretty uncomfortable when we go out
I (19F) am tired of being the good girl and I'm ready to "rebel" but idk where to start?
My friend (23m) was really rude to me (23f), yet he still expects me to hang out with him
Non Muslim dating Muslim boyfriend
My fiancé (32M) is having a tough time getting over my (25F) past
A girl (f16) cancelled on me (f16) cancelled our date
This woman wants my man!?
Religious Ultimatum, to stay or go?
I (19F) am tired of being the good kid, I think it's time i actually "rebel" but idk where to start?
My boyfriend said he would cheat if he had the chance.
Dated a girl who would hide the fact that she’s jewish. Why would she do that?
Don’t know if I should still be with my girlfriend
Mom (38f) threatening to kick me (21f) out of the house for ridiculous reasons. Im scared of being homeless.
Just found out my (20f) boyfriend (21m) sexually harassed a girl while he was drunk
(19 m) my family is ashamed of my life choices and want to force me to attend university. (I used to live in Istanbul, Turkey)
My ex and I are terrified of each other?
Mom (38f) is always threatening to kick me (21f) out of the house for ridiculous reasons and im afraid of being homeless
I think my brother is a psychopath
My (28M) girlfriend (33F) and I are having issues planning out our holiday schedule
Boyfriend (28M) leaves me (28F) all alone when we visit his relatives
so me and this guy like each other and we’re constantly saying how much we miss each other and that kind of stuff, but we’re not dating and people keep assuming we are. how do i get people to stop assuming we are?
Am I [M23] dealing with a phase or hitting a wall with girlfriend [F19]?
Mom constantly threatening to kick me out of house for ridiculous reasons and im afraif of being homeless
I [30M] really want to ask out an employee of my client company [30F] who I got along with while on-site, without jeopardizing my job. How to proceed?
I (26F) always come second to his (28M) family...
My (20F) “could’ve been friend” (19F) never responded. I’m low key hurt and confused.
Wondering if my (21F) boyfriends (25F) behavior is normal
My girlfriend [22/F] and her mom are just plain weird and I'm not sure If I [24/M] want to be involved with them.
My [28M] new girlfriend [23F] sends me a LOT of lewds, but they are losing their effect
How do I get my husband to take me seriously?
Is it just me?
I (24F) feel like I’m just not driven or good enough for my (25M) partner
My [M17] best friend’s [M16] parents think that he is depressed/ getting bullied because he’s been withdrawn and his grades are dropping.The truth isn’t either one of these... Should I tell them?
Roommate really wants to switch rooms with me. I don't want to.
My [19m] ex [18m] won't talk to my friend [18m] because of me
I [28M] found a sex video of my partner [30F]
The guy (24) I’m (24, F) talking to smells bad. What do I do?
I (20M) need help with Life, Dating and my Virginity
My [M17] best friend’s [M16] parents think that he is being bullied/is depressed because he hasn’t been hanging out with friends and his grades have been dropping. The truth is it isn’t any of those and I don’t know if I should tell them...
My (18M) parents (40s) marriage isn't going well. It's often hard on me and my mum. Do I try to fix it?
My [19m] ex [18f] won't talk to my friend [18m] about their relationship because of me
How do I (17M) tell my parents I'm depressed?
I [27M] found videos of my partner [30F] online
Confused
I (23F) am stuck living with my father (60M) for the first time ever after my mom died two months ago (unexpectedly)
I (18M) don't know how to tell my boyfriend (28M) of 6 months I want to transition
How do I (F25) help my mother (F62) cope with the relationship I don't have with my brother? (M28)
She deciding if she wants to be with me
How do I (21F) get over my boyfriend’s (20M) extremely promiscuous past
Advice? Encouragement? Similar Experience with dragging on a dead/toxic [insert all adjectives related to deep f*ckery] relationship?
My boyfriend (20M) told me (19F) some things I can't get over (Long post)
How do I [21F] stop being so hostile to my boyfriend [21M]
I don't know how to tell my boyfriend I want to transition
I don’t know what to do. I am stuck living with my father (for the first time ever) after my mom died 2 months ago.
Girlfriend deciding if she wants me
Redditors that grew up with domestic abuse, what struggles do you face in your own relationships as a consequence and what do you do to overcome your negative behaviour?
GF(22yo) told me that she is thinking about her ex ( Long Distance relationship since 2months). Been together 7 months total. Don’t know how to react?
I (20M) broke up with a FWB (19F) If 6 months after it was clear we weren’t going to start a relationship. A month later she wants to start a relationship.
How do I [M30] make things right with my co-worker [F29]?
Deciding whether or not to commit to a relationship when I know she’s going to take a year out to Australia next year.
My (M18) girlfriend (F18) is trying to keep me away from other girls
How do I (37F) continue to be a supportive understanding friend to my self destructive best friend( 39F)
I (22m) feel insecure about my boyfriend (24m)
7 year relationship feels like its ending
Not sure how I [22M] should go forward with a girl [22F] who I hit it off with, but seem to be losing interest.
I [24F] feel detached from my [25M] boyfriend, dating for 3 years and living together for 1
How do I [30] make things right with my co-worker [F 30]?
My boyfriend of 6 years [49M] and I [49F] are in a committed, monogamous relationship. Today through text, he asked me how I feel about sexual ownership.
I (29f)ust ended my relationship with my fiancee (29m) and father of our child. Is it worse to continue to live together?
Dating a girl who is taking a year out abroad
He (27m) cheated on me(20f).
Overcoming insecurities (18M)
the comfort of a man doesn’t cure loneliness
Advice? Similar Experience? Words of Encouragement?
Confused
Might be getting ghosted? Just confused
Coworker/friend [21 F] randomly blocked me [25 F] on social media and I don’t know why. We work together this week
I [30s M] don't want my partner's [30s F] addict sibling in our home, ever
Broken up but complicated?
I think I may be overreacting
Might be getting ghosted?
Light topic: gift for friend i don't know that well: suggestions?
My boyfriend [M28] rocks my world I feel like I’m losing control[F24]
Is it really the right idea to break up with my [25/M] girlfriend [27/F] of 2.5 years if the idea really makes me sad?
My ex/bf (33M) and I (28F) got back together after he pushed me to break up with him. We got back together, had a threesome, and he then confessed that he had already slept with the girl before. This was after several claims that he hasn’t done it with her and now my trust is completely broken.
Should I (F 25) be mad at my boyfriend (M 29) for doing something other than our plans on Sunday?
My boyfriend (m26) and I (f23) disagree on a random ‘friends’ behavior
Husband’s (39 M) daughter (19F) that he didn’t know existed is now a part of our family but she is making me (29 F) uncomfortable.
I (M24) have only had one boyfriend (M32) and we have been together for 4 years. But I constantly find myself looking at other guys and wanting to experience being with them and find out how it’s different. Is this common? How do I deal with it?
I’m (20’s F) moving in with my ex (20’s M) and my best friend (30s F) while I’m also seeing an ex boyfriend (20’s M) from years ago
Gaslighting and charm offensive from my STBXW
How could I have handled this better?
Should i drop out of my friends wedding?
So I have a problem...
MY SO WONT ACCEPT I DONT WANT TO BE WITH HIM HELP!
My GF [24F] broke up with me [24M] last week. I slept with an old fling and I feel terrible.
Should I (Female 25) be mad at him (Male 29) for skipping out on out “plans”?
Mom [40s] finally wants a divorce from dad [50s] after being married almost 30 years but there are some problems.
I (29F) don't have a passion for my (29M) boyfriend. Should I stick it out and see how things go?
My boyfriend of 6 years [49M] and I [45F] are in a committed, monogamous relationship. Through texting back and forth today, he asked me how I feel about sexual ownership.
I (17F) can’t let go of my ex
Mom [40s] finally wants divorce from dad [50s] but there are some problems
Should I be mad?
Me [24 F] with my Husband [25 M] of 5 years, caught cheating, only person I ever had feelings for
Parents believe that my girlfriend cheated on me only because of teenage rumors and drama
For those who have left a relationship, when did you realize it wasn’t going to workout?
I (29F) don't have a passion for my (29M) boyfriend. Should I stick it out and see how things go?
My life is basically about to turn into a sitcom and I’m not sure how to go about things?
I [M 18] broke up with my gf [F 16] about a month ago, now I constantly feel alone.
Genuine hacking services
I kinda need some help m(17)
Life in shambles
Interested in a guy that is very religious...but I am not.
My (M14) 2 week relationship with my first girlfriend (F14) is moving too fast and I don't know what to do
I (24M) have no idea what I'm doing with her (19F), how should I proceed?
Rejected a guy (kinda?) want him back :/
I (F,22) need a clean break from my ex (M,22) but there are things stopping me
Little communication while on holiday!
I’m 22 m and in love with this girl that I have been friends for nearly 5-6 years
Is this a serious red flag or something we can move past?
I (M25) feel completely trapped in a 5 year on and off relationship.
Breakup of me 40f and him 39m, how to handle kids (not his)
Should I drop out of my friends wedding?
I [17M] used to be a fuckboy, and my crush [17F] doesn't believe I love her
I [17M] organised a vacation for my 18th birthday with 3 of my closest friends [17M, 19M, 20M], everything paid by my family as a gift for my birthday. 19M has been acting weird with us for a while, and I was wondering if it was best to leave him out of the vacation.
Me [33F] with my FWB [32M] seeking clarity on FWB and feelings.
My [31F] in-laws [60sM,F] casually bring up a traumatic event nearly every time I see them
I (26M) don’t know how to move on from this. (20F)
[M23] My girlfriend [F22] gets sad for something I said then I get angry at her
Little communication while on vacation normal?
My (21F) boyfriend (21M) seems to be ignoring because he forgot I had other plans tonight and can’t hang out.
Should I (m22) go to my ex's apartment (f22) and ask her what's the state of us, her going to therapy?
My (21F) sister (33F) is finally moving away from home but I’m worried about how she’ll cope with living alone for the first time.
Apartment Tour of Mine and My Boyfriend's First Apartment Together
How to stop thinking about guy who rejected me?
My girlfriend [18F] (soon to be ex?) and I [18M] in an LDR, are about to breakup, and I don't know what to do or feel
Me [33F] with my FWB [32M] - does he have feelings?
My (21F) sister (33F) is finally moving away from home but I’m worried about how she’ll cope with living alone for the first time.
Son [2M] of my ex-girlfriend [37F] and me [44M] are developing a serious relationship which scares me
Caught off Guard and Confronted, From Left Field
My girlfriend [18F] (soon to be ex?) and I [18M] in an LDR, are about to breakup, and I don't know what to do or feel
I[24f] asked my boyfriend[25m] what his thoughts are on women proposing and now I'm somewhat embarrassed
My [16F] ex unblocked and followed me, then unfollowed me [M17]
I’m (24 M) overweight and insecure about it, should I wait or ask her (22 F) out now?
Being content as a single guy
Looking for research participants
Need more help around the house but don't know how to ask
My girlfriend is using tinder
Idk if I am wrong or not. Is gonna be a long one maybe so stay with me.
Boyfriend wants to take a break. We work for the same company.
Dear besties, thank you for roughing out my horrible past relationships. Today they finally approve of my [26F] boyfriend[31M] !!!
I (22F) want to learn how to give my BF (22M) more space; I need to learn to stop being clingy
I’m (24 M) overweight and insecure about it, should I wait or ask her (22 F) out now?
Me (15m) with my crush (15m), three dates but no kiss yet?
Long Distance Troubles
My [26F] friends finally approve of my boyfriend [31M]
What if every person has one perfect persin and when they lose them and then they settle for a person but for that person you are the perfect one?
[24 y/o M] Getting tired of my relationship [23 y/o F]
How do I [M30] make things right with my former co-worker [F23]?
Me[24F] trying to talk some sense into my [20F]sister. Nothing has been working so far so how should I approach this?
Should I [19M] cut off contact with my close friend [18F] of several years, who is very immature and a serial liar?
Girlfriend is mad that I deleted my facebook. Me:27M Her:20F
Me [33F] with my 29 [29M] ex, left due to his roommates bullying, what can I do?
My (30M) best friend (29F) is getting a huge divorce settlement. She wants to start a business with me and buy me a car for Christmas, a car I was saving for, not sure if to accept this and go along.
I think my bosses girlfriend overheard me talking about her
Not sure how to take this text. I (26F) was kind of feeling him (32) but I’m not sure how to interpret this.
BF (27M) upset that I (26F) want to skip Thanksgiving w/ his family to study. Is this really that big of a deal?
A guy from tinder [29,m] shows genuine interest in me[25,f] but then stops responding out of nowhere
Me[24F] trying to talk some sense into my 20F sister. Nothing seems to be working so far and I'm at my wit's end.
Ghosted by my best friend?
I [21f] am still not over my toxic relationship with my cheating ex-boyfriend [21m]
My bisexual friend [26M] is really sad over his fiancé's [28M] African family that detests the LGBTQ community
My girlfriend of 7 years was sexting other guys, should I try to fix the relationship?
Guy on tinder [29,m] shows genuine interest in me [25,f] but then later stops responding
Does anyone else ever feel this way?
My Best Friend (25F) Wants to be FWB but I (22M) secretly have a crush on her friend
Boyfriend of 3 years wants a break?. We work for the same company.
My girlfriend of 7 years was sexting other guys, should I try to fix the relationship?
My [37M] wife [37F] is pregnant and we don't ever want my sister [36F] (clean but with mental illness and recovering from drug and alcohol addiction and an eating disorder) to ever be alone with our child
He (29M) has been emotionally cheating on me (27F) while getting sober.
I (26F) was her (27F) MOH. I don't want her to be in my bridal party at all. How do I tell her?
My friend [26M] who is bisexual is having problems with his fiance [28M] of 3 years and his family over their hatred for LGBTQ
Boyfriend [20M] is possibly leaving for a traveling percussion ensamble, jeopardizing our relationship..
Tell me about your first rejection story
I (25F) am obsessed with my formerly ex husband, now boyfriend (26m)’s girlfriend (24?f) that he dated while we were divorced.
UPDATE: I (22M found out my (22F) girlfriend made her close friends think we are not together
I[25f] asked my boyfriend [26m] what his opinions are on women proposing and I feel slightly embarrassed now
Best female friend wants to be FWB but I have a crush on her best friend
why do guys show interest in girls at first and then later stop responding out of nowhere?
He (29M) has been emotionally cheating on me (27F) for months while getting sober.
I [m22] am incapable of giving my wife [f28] the family that she wants and it is killing me to see her hurt over this
Does it seem like she (19f) might actually give me/us (21m) another shot?
Me 25F and partner 25M - disagreement over money etiquette
My [28F] boyfriend[26M] work is chipping away at our relationship
I asked my boyfriend what his opinions were on women proposing to men
If I was with 'the one', would I not generate any romantic feelings at all towards another person?
How to tell (16F) my strict parents (40s) about my boyfriend?
My (19F) not really friend (19M) won't talk to me but still keeps tabs on me and I'm confused.
My brother(23) is marrying his Girlfriend(30). I(29F) don't agree with the marriage and do not want to go to the ceremony but don't want to hurt him.
I [m22] am incapable of giving my wife [f28] the family that she wants and it is killing me to see her hurt over this
My [18f] family is embarrassed of me, because of my choice of career. How to get over the shame I feel?
Do you need to be extremely physically attracted to someone for a relationship to work?
I [18 F] have this friend [19 F] who will not stop acting INSANE
My (19F) not really friend (19M) won't talk to me but still keeps tabs on me and I'm confused.
Me [M 23] and my girlfriend [F 21] been dating 2,5 years and dont know how to say i want to break up...
If I was with 'the one', would I not generate any romantic feelings at all towards another person?
help me figure my life out
My (21M) gf (19F) cheated on me. For the past few days I've been a little upset because she is depressed and had eaten little to nothing over a 6 day span, and acted all like she doesn't care about dying, or anything for that matter.
Should I (37f) leave to go abroad? I have nothing left in my 7 year relationship and will be homeless when I leave...
My family and friends are trying to keep me from seeing my boyfriend because they think he is controlling/abusive when he’s not.
My (26F) best friend’s (27F) husband (27M) was stealing from me. How to deal?
Is love really enough?
Ex sent me a gift card for my birthday, but we haven't spoken in months.
When your mad at your SO do you give in when you want sex or wait it out?
I [21/F] attracted to my boyfriend's sister's boyfriend [30/M] HELP!
Tired [38M], Conflicted
His ex came back from abroad, now what?
Guy [22M] I've been seeing broke it off with me [22F] - still talking all the time & don't know what to do
Brother (25, M) has extreme anger, gets violent physically and I (30, M) am his punching bag
My family and friends are trying to keep me from seeing my boyfriend because they think he’s controlling/abusive when he’s not.
My wife asks to become house·hus·band
My (28F) SO (28M) and I have been working to build a future for over 5 years, but who's?
My [27F] pets are the reason my bf [29F] left. Was I right?
help me figure out my life
I [18M] don't know what to do when we reconnect
Men secretly crave this 1 thing more than anything else (and it’s not what you think)
I [21f] am still not over my toxic relationship with my cheating ex-boyfriend [21m]
Lakshmi obsession
My [27f] younger brother [25m] is ruining my parents lives
I[21 M] am traveling a long distance to visit my girlfriend[21 F] and i think she disregarded my feelings
I (M29) have a close relationship with a kid (F5) that isn't mine and I worry that our psuedo-father/daughter interactions are harmful to her long term
Kids I nanny for are assholes
Brother (25, M) has extreme anger, gets violent physically and I (30, M) am his punching bag
What makes a relationship last forever ?
He is (40s) male and out of interest with me (37f) and I don’t know how to leave?
I (24/F) don't like spending time with my sister (21/F) but feel obliged to.
Me [25 M] with my fiancée [24 F] 3 years, I became a Jehovah's witness to be with her but I'm feel empty now.
Ex-boyfriend who I haven't spoken to in months sent me an Amazon gift card
My [27f] younger brother [25m] is ruining my parents life
Am I [22M] drifting away from my friend [22M]
Women, what do you want us to do?
(F24)Moving across the world to start a life with Boyfriend(M26) having second thoughts.
How do people find love again after breaking up?
Update: I [29M] found out that my wife [29F] racked up a bunch secret credit card debt buying Lularoe clothes. Married for almost 3 years, together for 5, with a 2 year old child
[19M] How people’s birthdays went down in my uni accommodation compared to mine
Baby Daddy drama.
Do my friends hate me?
My [19M] Mom[55F] hates my older brother's [30M] fiancee [29F]. It's causing a ton of fights in our family.
My boyfriend (21) gets bored with my stories, and therefore makes me (20) feel tedious, irrelevant and unconsciously pushes me away since i enjoy inspiring conversations which he apparently doesn't
Ex boyfriend wants to get back together but also recently revealed he’s never been in love before and isn’t sure if he’s capable of feeling true love.
Am I [20 F] Being Insensitive or Is My Boyfriend [22 M] Being Dramatic?
📷📷pllss calll mee...
Ubiquitous love?
I [21F] am concerned that my friend [21F] is bulimic and she's been acting very strangely. Not sure what to do.
I should've seen all the signs for cheating, but I guess one ignores them to feel like everything is ok...
My [33 M] wife [37 F] of 8 years, 9th anniversary at end of this month, kissed her co-worker/old HS crush.
My [19M] Mom[55F] hates my older brother's [30M] fiancee [29F]. It's causing a ton of fights in our family.
My (24f) mother (57f) doesnt understand why I dont want to have a relationship with my abusive brother (26m), how do I make her understand?
My (m 21) girlfriend (19) gets frequent phone calls from her ex-boyfriend who still has feelings for her
Mom (57F) has no boundaries when it comes to my (22F) boyfriend (22M).Non-Romantic
Can you just fall out of love one day?
How to date older women ?
My [33 M] wife [37 F] kissed her old HS crush/co-worker
How do you know when to hold on or let go?
Does anyone else find this following behaviour annoying?
I should've seen all the signs, but I didn't and I got cheated on
Last night my (M22) girlfriend (F21) of four years shoved and hit me during an argument
I (21) cheated on my bf (21) and I feel like im rotting from the inside.
Me [28F] feels embarrassed to tell my partner [35M] about my preferences in bed
Me [29/F] with my bf [27 M] 3 years Emotional affair and almost kiss by my bf to his female friend. Other perspectives and advice, is needed.
My (52f) husband (55m) cheated on me 3 years ago - need help on how to move forward
I’m (19f) in a relationship with a 15 year age gap (34m). Can it work?
Is she (18f) truly interested in me (19m) and if so, what should my next move be?
Me [23 M] with my date [23F] 2 months,am I being used; very confused
(19F)Despite being in a really great relationship I am still working through a really terrible past relationship. Should I talk to my current boyfriend (19M) about it?
I'm (26F), 9 weeks pregnant with my (30M) Bf of 5 months. Am I being too emotional?
Building Conscious Relationships - Stylfemina
Im lonely without a gf but having one is overbearing.
My Girlfriend Cheated. I'm broken. How do I
I'm [20 M] thinking of giving up due to current and future distance [20 F]
My friend is TOO confident. What should I do?
My relationship is perfect... so why am I thinking about cheating.
Fuck my blood brother
Did I do something?- Me (16M) and a friend (16F)
My (23/F) SO (24/M) makes no effort, blows me off then apologises..
Despite being in a really great relationship I am still working through a really terrible past relationship. Should I talk to my current boyfriend about it?
Freinds think I spend too much time with my girlfriend
When do you know the ‘break’ is over
I [27M] haven't spoken or forgotten about a friend [27F] for over 2 years. I've never called her thinking I didn't have her number, but I just came across it and I'm planning on doing it.
I [24M] am new to the online dating scene. When do I ask her [24F] out and does it sound like she is interested?
Wife (27/f) seems to be hiding things such as eating habits from me (29/m)...need help bringing this up with her.
Ex-girlfriend[26f] and I[27f] started dating again, I just found out she has a 164k in debt. I want to abandon ship
I [F22] have bever had a relationship and worry that I'm never going to find someone
Racist daughter (17F) is upset that her sister (19F) is dating a black guy
I want my Friends W/Benefits back even though I know it’s not worth it.
My girlfriend cheated. I'm broken and need help. [LONG]
My (27/F) boyfriend (26/M) of two months wants to introduce me to his family, which requires flying to other side of the world, but I’m not sure I’m ready for that, and we can’t seem to agree on when.
Recovering deleted photos/messages from icloud/iphone of friend committed suicide
I (M17) need to "breakup" with my friend (M17)
I (22F) think my boyfriend (23M) might be controlling. Are these red flags?
I don’t know what to do... I want my fwb back even though I know it’s not worth it’s.
My (26F) husband (33M) only achieves orgasm when he is in control.
My [f17] partner [16] was suicidal earlier this year, now I’m paranoid and obsessive. Help?
My[15M] dad gets off the phone whenever she hears my mum, how do I tell him to stop?
An appropriate song title
I (M17) need to "break up" with my friend (M17)
Pettiness level 9,000
Why am I (16F) after him (16M)
My (27M) girlfriend (25F) lied to me multiple times about another guy in one conversation
Not sure what to do - 33, with 4 kids and my wife and I can't keep the peace
Im [18M] feeling really anoxious and nauseous when Im around my [17F] girlfriend
Is it weird for me [30F] to make my room mate [23M] muffins?
My[29m] girlfriend[29f] of two years gets on really down moods. Am I too sensitive? Or is she thinking about her past relationship?
My [20F] girlfriend of 4 years just told me [20M] that she is gay.
Should I [23 M] apologize to my ex [21 F] after a year of our last conversation?
How do I [24f] convince my boyfriend [30m] the bruises on my neck are not hickeys.
(23f) fear of relationships but lonely
Not Sure What to Do - Should Probably Divorce
Wife (27/f) seems to be hiding things such as eating habits from me (29/m)...need help bringing this up with her.
Need help on a current situation
I (18M) with my first love (18F). Slowly noticing our difference. Both with mental issue (more closer to weird one than medical treatments , at least for me). Still want to work. Been dating for about a year
My(25F) ex-husband (26M) has a sheer disregard for the fact that I need food more than he does.
Is it weird for me (30F) to make my room mate (23M) muffins?
My(29m) girlfriend(29f) of almost two years sometimes gets on really down moods, what’s happening?
Do I [19M] not understand relationships?
Broke up with gf of 3 days
Matching wristwatch for couples ❤️
F'ed Up in the head Believing in Fantasies
Do I not understand relationships?
[21][M] All my girlfriends think I'm gay [UPDATE]
In so much pain!!
(25M) The girl I'm in love with (24F) is getting married to someone else so now I have officially given up on life and 0 people care how I feel.
Me [26M] with my 1 month old girlfriend [23F], sweetest girl but relationship causes anxiety
My birth control is massively affecting all relationships
I [25 F] am having doubts about starting a family with my SO [27 F] of 4 years
Recently moved back in with my [31m] abusive father [63m] and abused stepmom [54f]
Frustrated with parent’s drinking, I snapped and “ruined dad’s 65th birthday”
Found out my husband [29] went to a female co-workers home and acted inappropriately.
Bf (20m) got an active dog & doesn’t give it enough exercise. He’s mad at me because I don’t help enough. Advice?
I (32/F) need an outside opinion about my (26/M) bf of four years.
I'm (21M) looking for advice on how to be assertive/drawing a boundary without being an asshole
Me [23f] with my boyfriend [22m] says he doesn't masturbate or need sex often, how common is this?
I get worried when my girlfriend gets very drunk without me
Does it ever feel like your past relationships never really happened?
My [19F] boyfriend [24M] hates that I drink
My husband (32M) and I (25F) never succeed in having sex
I [F26] ended my 3.5 year relationship with my [M25] partner.
Still have no clue about dating at 60
I get worried when my girlfriend get’s drunk without me
My pregnant daughter (16) now has a husband (20)!
I [F26] ended my 3.5 year relationship yesterday with my partner [M25].
My (13F) classmate (13M) is going through tough times and he is vaping and doing drugs.
My mother (57/F) has been so passive aggressively mean to me (22/F) my entire life and it makes me hate myself more and more every day.
How to live happy, even if u know no one cares about you?
Having a crush on a friend (M26), he says doesn’t want a relationship but I know he likes me (F35) and he chats with me so much. I’m really confused about where this is going.
I [26F] want to break-up with my boyfriend [29M] and move out.
My girlfriend was raped while studying abroad. How do I best support her from home?
Me [30/M] - Struggling to understand what's happened to my family connection (mom mostly!) [50/F] - Would appreciate insight/advice.
How to I(28M) communicate to my new SO(31F) that her drinking concerns me
My husband (32M) and I (25F) never succesfully had sex
M (19) in great relationship with F (19) except for one flaw and I am not sure if I should act on it
My [22M] girlfriend [20F] says size doesn’t matter.
I [26F] want to break-up and move out.
How to live happy, even if u know no one cares about you?
How do I(28M) communicate to a new SO(31F) that her drinking concerns me
Gf sleeps n a lawn chair n garage texting ex fiancé is that a problem or an I the wrong one?
Do you ever really love again?
How to live happy, even if u know no one cares about you?
I [21F] have been asked by a parent [32F] to speak to her son [11M] about him smoking weed and drinking at 11. Advice please.
Advice!! For a girl I met on the dance floor
I [21F] have been asked by a parent [32F] to speak to her son [11M] about him smoking weed and drinking at 11. Advice please.
My [20F] boyfriend[26M] of two years got his first job and puts no effort in the relationship anymore
My boyfriends ex just seems to never go away
M18/F19 [1 Month]
My (17F) Ex Boyfriend (18M) is Still Not Over Me 10 Months Later and it Makes Me Uncomfortable
I [22F] don't know what to do about my boyfriend's [25M] past/fetish for escorts and hookers
How do I (17M) get over one of my best friends (17F) without losing her
My [19F] boyfriend [24M] hates that I drink
Ex [41F] moves back in with me [42M] to plan a big move after her second divorce. Can we make this work?
Cheating
Help me guys. [M/18 and F/19]
How do you know when your relationship is over??
Help me guys.
In trying to pursue someone
I [18M] can’t get over girlfriend [18F] hooking up with guy during break up
I 25 f need help and advice I just don't know
I [17M] don't know how to ask out this girl [17F] that I am friends with.
Thought I'd have more time.
Guys [M], how would you react if you got an anonymous email from someone [F] you knew years ago, in which they were confessing they once had feelings for you (without disclosing who they are)?
Mom falling in love with "millitary" dude. (Scammer)
I [18M] can’t get over my girlfriend [18F] getting with a guy during a messy break/-up.
Not attracted and don't know what to do
Is it wrong that I(26f) am upset that I didnt get support during breakup with (26f) and all I got was engagement talk.
Confident in the beginning and needy towards the end.
Online date concerns
My [28M] friend [28M] humble brags...
My [28M] friend [28M] humble brags...
My fiancé keeps getting angry at me for not wanting to make out with my girl friends because I talked about doing it a couple times in college.
My [28M] friend [28M] humble brags...
A girl has shown interest in me recently, Idk what to do?
Me [43 M] with my GF [28 F] 1 week, I worry she wants me for my money; tl;dr don't buy dinner every time, she will begin to expect it every time
My [M/22] Ex [F/23] Thinks I talked down on her on social media. I didn't, now she is super angry at me and does not want to speak ever again.
My Gf(22) broke up with me(21) due to my social anxiety, her depression and her daily life.
Me [43 M] with my GF [28 F] 1 week, I worry she wants me for my money
Online dating concerns
No attraction after seeing someone naked
I [23F] broke my own heart this morning by letting go of a man [24] that could never love me.
Girl has shown a lot of interest in me recently, idk what to do.
Boyfriend breaks up with me every time he gets really drunk.
I think im starting to like my fwb. How to stop this?
Exhausted and terrified of the future
Found out my (18f) bf (21m) is a closeted furry and cheated on me because of it.
I think my [22 M] friend [20 F] may be using drama as an unhealthy coping mechanism. How do I help her?
My fiancé keeps getting angry at me for not wanting to make out with my girlfriends because I talked about doing it a few times in college.
We’re All Going To Turn To Dust One Day So Cherish Your Life Always
This morning I (23F) broke my own heart, I let go of a man (24) who could never love me because he didn’t know what is was or how to show it, now I am in pieces.
Found out my (18f) bf (21m) is a closeted furry and cheated on me because of it.
Me[17 M] and my sister[16 F] found some incest porn on my dad's[50 M] laptop
Am I (25F) a jerk for getting mad at my mom(50F) for continuing to do my laundry without telling me?
Living with Parents, mum verbally abusive but I’m financially better off here. Do I move out?
Boyfriend (23/M) lied to me (24/F) about past and I’m also just tired of his lack of initiative to change things
Found out my (18f) boyfriend (21m) cheated on me months ago.
I [M19] think my ex [F17] is seeing someone else. She considers me a good friend, so I think she doesn't realise how painful it is for her to keep hinting at it
Me[17 M] and my sister[16 F] found some incest porn on my dad's[50 M] laptop
Living at home, Mum verbally abusive, but better off financially if I stay. Do I move out?
23/M Boyfriend lying about past to me 24/F and just tired of his lack of initiate to make a true change in his life
I think my ex is seeing someone else. She considers me a good friend, so I think she doesn't realise how painful it is for her to keep hinting at it
Are my (30M) standards too high?
How to let go?
I need dating advice
How do I [25F] deal with the fallout of changing my name?
I [M19] think my ex [F17] is seeing someone else. She considers me a good friend, so I think she doesn't realise how painful it is for her to keep hinting at it
I [24/M] have gotten really close and am falling for a friend [21/F] who I asked out almost a year ago and got turned down because she was in a bad life space
Are my (30M) standards too high?
I (21M) recently got in a relationship with a girl (18F), but have the feeling she has doubts about it.
I think my ex is seeing someone else. She considers me a good friend, so I think she doesn't realise how painful it is for her to keep hinting at it
How to let go?
I [24/M] have gotten really close and am falling for a friend [21/F] who I asked out almost a year ago and got turned down because she was in a bad life space
My [24F] boyfriend [27M] of nine months is often hanging out alone with a younger girl at his place
Study abroad
I (21M) recently got in a relationship with a girl (18F), but have the feeling she has doubts about it.
My [20] gf [20] told me she has a high risk strain of HPV after 6 months of relationship. She doesn't understand why I am mad, how should I tell her?
I can't tell if my (20M) partner (22M) is emotionally abusive. Does this sound like abuse?
ME [28F] FEELS EMBARRASSED TO TELL MY PARTNER [35M] ABOUT WHAT I LIKE SOMETIMES IN BED
My(19F) Best Friend(18F) Just Ended The Friendship And I Am So Lost?!!
I (27m) cheated on my gf (28f) on our first month
My [20] gf [20] of 6 months told me she has a high risk strain of HPV.
Friendship between me [M31] and [F29] seems to have gone wrong
UPDATE: my(33) husband(38) had inappropriate conversation with my sister(27) and is still contacting her. He’s blaming it on the drugs. How do I leave with two kids?
UPDATE: my(33) husband(38) had inappropriate conversation with my sister(27) and is still contacting her. He’s blaming it on the drugs. How do I leave with two kids?
Stories if you getting the Girl or Guy at the end
ME [28F] FEELS EMBARRASSED TO TELL MY PARTNER [35M] ABOUT WHAT I LIKE IN BED SOMETIMES.
UPDATE : my(33) husband(38) had inappropriate conversation with my sister(27) and is still contacting her. He’s blaming it on the drugs. How do I leave with two kids?
I pushed him away and it was a mistake. Should I give him space or try to get him back?
What should I (25F) do with my brother(27M)'s baby mother (20sF) after he skipped bail and abandoned her
"Do you want kids?" question may have sunk me...
Is my girlfriend's behavior normal, or am I overthinking?
What does “talking to” even mean?
Saw my boyfriend (M22) texting strange messages to another girl at the beginning of our relationship. Should I confront him now?
Feeling so much regret...
My (28M) Girlfriend (27F) of 3 years was going to cheat to get a new job
Saw my boyfriend (M22) texting another girl strange messages at the beginning of our relationship. Should I (F21) just let it go?
Is my Girlfriends behavior normal, or am I overthinking?
My ex (21 M) almost broke my (18F)ribs, but I was arrested.
My girlfriend (18) and me (20) decided on a break for 2 months. Advice please.
[M23] learning to love yourself again after a breakup
Would you forgive your husband who cheated on you 3 years ago? I am struggling
I pushed him away and want him back should I give him space or try to convince him?
My friend (28F) and I (20M) had a couple moments which resulted in us sleeping together. Discussed potential relationship but she believes age may hold us back and i suggested a trial.
[23M] How do you love yourself again after a breakup?
She gave me space alright
An uninteresting title
I 22(F) have questions about the break up process
She wants to remain friends but I want more. Am I too rash in blocking her?
[deleted by user]
[29] My GF [26] of 2 months has begun some unusual behaviour (trivial subject but unusual actions)
An uninteresting title
I [F22] want to get fillers but my friend is unsupportive. Should I ditch her as a friend [F23]?
[M23] How to love yourself?
Boyfriend (25M) and I (20F) broke it off a few days ago, and I think it was a mistake
Told my boyfriend of three years that I wanted to break up
Should I [M, 29] - who has been emotionally cheating - break up with my gf [F, 28]
Why do I [24M] always instantly change my opinion of somebody and try to cling onto them when they leave me, even if I didn't care about them before?
I (23M) am having a hard time with my girlfriend (21F) with talking about problems
[23M] learning to love yourself after a breakup
Is my boyfriend's (M29) behaviour red flags, or am I (F25) too sensitive?
Please advise ASAP: Broke someone's self esteem (now she thinks she probably is selfish)
I have a gut feeling that my girlfriend cheated on me with her ex. Should I end things?
Every Man a King and Every Woman a Queen
Why can’t I get over it? It’s been so long.
Fake US Femal Army Ranger Scam
I (m 17) is in a bad situation with my flirt(f17)
Confessions of a friend
I(20F) found an old note from boyfriend's(20M) ex in his wallet.
I'm im a bad situation with my date/flirt
Me [28M]is trying to deal with controlling behaviour from my Dad (55M). Unsure how to proceed?
Dad (48M) thinks my (19M) sexuality is a phase and nags me about not having a girlfriend
What is it like dating an older women?
My ex (f23) broke up with me (m23) for someone else
I (20F) found an old note from boyfriend's (20M) ex in his wallet.
My Parents (50s M+F) want me(20M) to swallow my transness for the holidays
My (M31) long-term BF and I (F28) are having serious troubles with our relationship. We are talking about moving in together but I'm afraid of making this commitment without fixing our existing problems first.
Letting go of a 6YR relationship I[26F], [26M] after infidelity and a year of trying to mend and heal together.
Less sex/intamacy in LTR
Unsure [21] if to break up with girlfriend now if I know that it won't work out in the end.
I [20M] met two girls I both like while dating, want to see where it goes with each a bit longer, but feel guilty...
How do I [28F] get over insecurity of being an underachiever?
Help
My [32m] ex [26f] told me she realized what she lost when she left me. I am not sure how I should behave.
I [22F] think my mom [50s] masterbates while sleeping, and it’s making me miserable
Letting go of a 6yr relationship I[26F], [26M] after infidelity and a year of trying to mend and heal together.
I'm [17 F] about to get a harshly worded hate letter from an ex friend [17 F] and I'm not sure if I should read it.
I (25F) got back together with my (27M) ex after he finally made all the promises I was waiting for...it isnt going well
Crying in my car. Did I do the right thing? [19F]
Unsure [21] if to break up with girlfriend now if I know that it won't work out in the end.
Me (F 20) Getting depressed from seeing ex (M 21) in a new relationship
I'm scared I'm going to ruin my relationship
How to be more direct with emotions?
Were my relatives trying to fulfil their emotional needs through me (25F) ?
[20F] My fiancée [20F] left me and I can’t eat. Help?
[F20] Please give me advice on how to control my anger and words towards my [M27] boyfriend
Were my relatives trying "5 langages of love" with me??
My parents(50s M+F) want me(20sM) to swallow my transness for the holidays
What should I do
Idk if I’m with a psycho
How do i [20M]stop having feelings for my classmate [18F]
I [23M] think I am overthinking things with on how my conversation went with my female friend [23M] currently on chat
In a serious relationship but crushing? 26/F with 26/M 4 yrs
I [22M] have fallen out of love with my girlfriend [20F] and I don't know how to get out
I'm (22m) inlove woth my bestfriends sister (20f)
I (21M) have questions about my girlfriend’s (21F) prior sexual assault.
Post breakup, how to avoid self harming?
Found a condom wrapper in girlfriends garbage
Found a "friends" (21M) girlfriend (21F) i'm tinder. What should I do?
Is my boyfriend (m 36) curving me (28f)?
Rate my (19M) first date. Was she (19M) interested?
I'm torn and I can't stop thinking about her
I [17F] feel too guilty to break up with my boyfriend [16M]
I (16m) kissed a girl (16f) tonight. She might be the one. Except i screwed up.
Found a condom wrapper in my girlfriends garbage
I (17M) Feel Like My Social Life Is Slowly Disappearing. Should I Be Worried?
Rate my (19M) first date, was she (19M) interested?
I’m really struggling to get over my ex and don’t know what to do.
My [23F] boss' [40'sF] housemate [40'sM] swerved his car towards me as a joke, and I'm the only one not laughing.
I no longer love my wife. (30m) Please help.
I (m16) finally kissed this girl (16f) who i think im in live with. But i screwed up i think.
Dude why tho
I (18M) feel inadequate with my girlfriend (17F)
I feel numb. There is something I'm missing.
As long as "SHES" happy
I no longer love my wife. Please help.
I can’t tell if it’s FWB or something more [22M/F]
Am I a manipulative person?
I [28F] feel like my friend [34M] is avoiding me
I (18M) don't feel adequate with my girlfriend (17F)
How often does the relationsgip between to people that have been unfaithful actually work out?
Unattractive people are worthless
I [27F] am the worst ever. Im upset my sister [24F] is pregnant.
Feel like im inadequate
[F20] I have been having trouble controlling my words and anger with my [M27] boyfriend. How can I solve this? And any ideas of what my problem may be?
I [21M] have been in love with a girl [19F] for nearly 6 years and it is destroying me. What can I do to make this easier?
Has anyone been to a sex party? How was the experience?
Friend (25M) routinely ghosts me (24F)
Boy in the elevator
Advice needed please
I [19F] feel embarassed of my boyfriend [22M] when we’re in public
I [28F] feel like my friend [34M] is avoiding me
To divorce or not to divorce
Wife (34F) is about to have an affair with our realtor (30s M)
I (19F) am shy and bad at texting. I want to fix it, but I don't know how.
I can’t breath
I (17F) am unsure if my crush (16M) likes me, should I tell him how I feel or leave it alone?
Why do I (18f) feel ashamed of my boyfriend?(21m)
Co-dependent mother [F53] mad I [F 20] spend weekends with my LDR boyfriend [M 20]. Am I in the wrong or is she being unreasonable?
My [19M] decision to stay at my university during the winter break doesn't go well with my parents [45M & 50F].
I[21] am thinking of cheating on girlfriend[20] of nearly an year but am conflicted
dating events for singles
My parent's friend makes me feel uncomfortable
Do I tell my [F 23] committed boyfriend [M 23] I might cheat?
I[21] am having the urge to cheat on my girlfriend[20] that I’ve dated for nearly an year but am conflicted on what to do
My parent's friend makes me uncomfortable?
My (F24) husband (M30) doesn't "believe" in my friendship with a superior at work (M33)
I need advice and help
I [20F] think I'm falling for my best friend [21M]
My boyfriend needs therapy... but won't go.
26F moved for my LDR 28M and I don’t think it’s working
I'm "dating" my friend but I am unsure about actually getting serious.
I (20F) am stuck in a “friend triangle” with two of my friends/roommates (20sF)
Intense Relationship Choice (powerful film) [1:58]
Outgoing student council president (late 20sF) sent a message to me (25M) saying I was spreading rumors and demands a written apology
I, [F, 22], had a close friend [M, 21], who doesn't seem to care anymore
My father in law (60m) hates my (33m) relationship with my wife (30f) because "we behave like two women"
Time hasn’t healed anything 4+ years later
singles dating events for Reno/sparks/carson area
My gf (f22) is texting a friend (m28), am I (m26) overreacting?
Time hasn’t healed anything 4 years later
I [19 F] don't want to be around family as much as my boyfriend [21 M] of 4 years wants to.
My gf (f22) is texting a friend (m28) way too much am I (M26) overreacting?
Meeting my (32/M) GF's (25/F) parents for the first time
My (18m) girlfriend (19f) suffers from a degenerative, uncurable form of arthritis. She confessed her contemplating suicide to me. I don't know what to say or do.
Stupid question from a 37F widow who forgot how to date
I [21F] have serious empathy/intuition/'reading situation' issues with people including [25M] boyfriend
I (32/M) am meetings my GF's (25/F) parents for the first time, at what point during the dinner (e.g., aperitifs, starters, or during dessert) do I whip my dick out?
How do I (38m) approach a friend (40m) about his obvious discontent with his wife (30f), when he tries like hell to gloss over it like things are cool? Or do I just not say anything?
How do you go from formal to familiar in professional settings?
how do i (20F) build up the strength to leave my SO?
Is it okay to ask the girl's friend, who you're not friends with, to help set you up with a date?
27F Almost died and need help telling 35m I love them.
My gf just broke up with me, is there a chance of getting back together?
Me [18 M] with my girlfriend [18 F] who won't stop hanging out with my toxic, racist, sexist ex-friend. [17 F]
I ended things with a guy who was manipulative, emotionally unstable, and projected his insecurities onto me by treating me badly. Why do I miss him?
Me [18 M with my girlfriend [18 F] who won't stop hanging out with my toxic, ex-friend. [17 F]
Help. My (F24) and M(31) its going so bad. We’ve been together 7 years but I’m constantly unhappy and we fight all the time. This weekend he left the club we were at cos i called described him as ‘odd’ to
What to get bf for xmas
How does one get over a heartbreak?
Parents and tattoos
Family
I finally ended things with a guy who was manipulative, emotionally unstable, and projected his insecurities onto me by treating me badly. Why do I feel bad?
My girlfriend of eight months (22F) is dreading meeting my (24M) younger sisters because she hates kids.
My [15M] father [48M] has recently become the only liberal in a family of republicans.
My girlfriend [18] of 6 months have insecurities and her whining have been affecting me [20] and our relationship
I [35m] catfished an amazing woman [34f] and loathe myself for it
Should I [21m] tell my ex [20f] that I miss her?
My girlfriend of eight months (22F) is dreading meeting my (24M) younger sisters (9F, 6F) because she hates kids.
UPDATE My [28F] husband [29M] didn’t clean the house once while I was gone for 3.5 weeks. WHY? How do I ask him to help without nagging?
Me (26M) and my ex from 7 years ago (25F) have been talking and will be meeting up in a couple of weeks. I'd like another chance but dont know how to go about it.
I'm not a sexual dude and my girlfriend hates it!
My girlfriend [18] of 6 months have insecurities and her whining have been affecting me [20] and our relationship
[UPDATE] My [28F] husband [29M] didn’t clean the house once while I was gone for 3.5 weeks. WHY? How do I ask him to help without nagging?
Done. Just done
I don’t feel “sexual” anymore. Not sure how to deal with this...
My girlfriend (22F) is dreading meeting my (24M) younger sisters (9F, 6F) because she hates kids.
idk what to do
My [24F] younger brother [18M] passed away, my grandparents are in charge of the funeral and I am feeling bad because I don’t want my parents to attend his funeral
Advice for (new) Age-Gap Relationships
[UPDATE] My [28F] husband [29M] didn’t clean the house once while I was gone for 3.5 weeks. WHY? How do I ask him to help without nagging?
Should I [21m] tell my ex [20f] that I miss her
I [27F] have been together with my bf [27M] for 3 years and he is too tired to have sex anymore.
Just lost the love of my life.
My (23f) bf (23m) of 7 months has been diagnosed with cancer.
I (27f) accidentally sent a text intended for my ex to get items back, however, sent it to the new guy (M32) I’m seeing. What have I done!?
[32M] My girlfriend [31F] refuses to let me see the texts she sends her ex.
My (23f) bf (23m) of 7 months has been diagnosed with cancer.
I [m19] need help becoming friends with her [f19] again
I [20F] saw on my boyfriend's [30M] phone that the only voicemails he has saved are 4 from his ex that were sent 3 years ago.
I [25F] have been together with my bf [27M] for 3 years and now he never wants to have sex.
Do girls like to mess with dudes feelings?
I (27f) am ready for a family my husband (29m) disagrees and wants to focus on his hobby
[32M] My girlfriend [31F] refuses to let me see the texts she sends her ex.
I’m (19 m ) a touring drummer and my family is angry I won’t “hook them up” with tickets and merchandise.
I [21M] don't know how to restart after loosing my friend group after my longdistnace [21F] slept with 6 of my friends over the course of a year.
At a crossroads; I (27f) am ready for a family my husband (29m) disagrees
Am I moving too fast? 18(m)
Bf has been diagnosed with cancer.
I keep on idealising my ex from 3 years ago
How bad is it?
I (21F) told my mom (60F) that I was tired of her entering my room all hours of the day and since then she's been really hurt (understandably). How I can fix this?
My [28M] Girlfriend [26F] of almost two years went on a terrible racist rant while drunk. I am completely shocked and disturbed by this and want to make her understand the gravity of those views.
Ex messed me up, I want to get better
[41/f] My son (21/f) is hitting on my best friend (38/f). How can i get him to stop?
Caught my 16m son having sex with a girl I didn't know
Do you think he (50M) is saying there is a good chance I (28F) can get in
My [17F] boyfriend [24M] won’t reciprocate sexually, and I’m not sure exactly why.
My [17F] boyfriend [24M] won’t reciprocate sexually, and I’m not sure exactly why.
I can’t stop imagining my boyfriend with his ex
Ex severely messed me up... how to get better?
Teach me to mack
Friend is worried about number of relationships I’ve had. Is she right?
I (24M) screwed up with my GF (23F) of one year
My (24m) little brother (16m) got his girlfriend (16f) pregnant. They are asking me for advice/help and I don’t know what to do.
I wish my [23F] dad [57] could get his shit together, sober up, and step up to be the father he used to be.
I can’t stop imagining my boyfriend with his ex, even though I know it’s irrational
i am going to quit 4chan
One of my (25F) coworker bought me a bracelet from Tiffany’s as an early birthday gift. I didn’t accept it and now he (45 M) is being strange.
Boyfriend's mom relies on him for everything and holds him back, need input
Moving in together in April, any other considerations we need to make? i feel like I’m forgetting things
I (21/F) don’t know how to end a 2 week fling with him (68/M)
I (21F) have an older dad (71F). His closely aged brother got serious cancer, and it's made me realise my dad could die soon. I'm crippled with feelings of sadness and powerlessness.
My (30F) boyfriend (34M) doesn’t want to spend New Year’s Eve with me
I [22F] Don't Know What Is Normal In Relationships. When to leave?
I (34M) have a new 3 month ld relationship with a (30F), however I learned that she has a boyfriend and am now torn what to do.
I (19M) am in love with this girl(19F) that i met recently met around 3 months ago and she recently went through a break up around the same time
My [20sF] younger brother [20sM] has become a hateful white supremacist. How do I get my brother back?
[19M]How do you know if people actually like to hang out with you?
My boyfriend (25 M) always makes time to see me (21 F) on casual nights when he does nothing but whenever there is an event or party he doesn't invite me. It's hurtful and I don't know what to do to change this?
I (37m) with my wife (32f) am overall happy with our 9 years of marriage, but I don’t feel that she is emotionally invested.
Girlfriend (F25) wanted me(M19) to take Testosterone to increase my sex drive, but now won't reciprocate.
Met the most amazing woman of my life... The day after a toxic 4 yr relationship ended. HELP!
I [21] have been thinking of breaking up with my boyfriend [27] because I have issues but I'm not sure what to do.
My [22F] boyfriend [20M] won’t come with me to my abortion appointment?
Weird girl. Me 25m her 21f
I [25NB] am at a loss with my boyfriend [25 M], of 4 years over his form of affection.
Trying to make a mends
I [25M] am put off by my husband's [29M] weight
My Fiancée Wants To Quit Her Job
How do you know if people actually like to hang out with you?
I used this sub to lie about my girlfriend for attention and now I feel bad. (20m) why did i do it. Should i tell her (19f) ?
My [18M] girlfriend [18F] recently told me that the past few weeks she's only felt that i want her for sex (10 months)
I (22M) found out my (22F) girlfriend has made her close friends think we are not together
I'm worried for my younger siblings.
Broke up/hooked up/back together
I (16 F) am dating a boy but I also have a crush on this girl. Please help
I'm (27F) struggling to cohabitate with my partner (32M) after 3 years of long distance
Me [26M] and my ex-fiance [25F] broke up a month ago. The idea of no contact is borderline impossible; any tips on how to cope?
I (28m) broke up with my girlfriend (22f) of 6 months for what feels like no reason and I feel terrible
Why do happy relationship come to an end? - unexpected breakup
What happened??
Why do happy relationship come to an end? Tips on moving forward.
How do I [22F] tell my boyfriend [21M] that being around his fraternity brothers is draining me?
Trying To Fall In Love With Love of My Life 20(M) after bad mistakes and toxic people including ourselves. Love fucking sucks.
(20F) In love with (22M)bf but not sexually compatible
How do I [22F] tell my boyfriend [21M] that being around his friends & fraternity brothers constantly is draining me?
Trying Again With the Love of My Life.
Why am I (16M) such a pussy. I dont have the courage to talk to this girl(16F).
I [28F] recently came into some money, my boyfriend[32M] thinks i am being rude by not welcoming the sudden influx of family members contacting me.
I [44M] am considering leaving my wife after revealing my financial success to her [44F]
Do dumper (male/female) regret leaving you for someone else? And if yes, after how long?
my [25F] FWB [28M] asked me out, and I don't know what to do.
My (m25) girlfriend (f25) receives and responds to drunk texts from a guy she used to see.
How do I (21f) get my bf (22m) to stop being dismissive of my feelings?
Would you say hi?
i am (M21) and i am the worst friend/ best mate and son
I (23M) worked at a job for 5 weeks, and now I got a better offer from another company. What's the best way to leave?
Should I reach out to my ex?
My (20F) ex came back into my life randomly atter four years. He never stopped loving me, but im engaged to someone else.
i am the worst best friend/ friend and son to both my parent
I (23M) worked at a job for 5 weeks, and now I got a better offer from another company. What's the best way to leave?
My(20f) SO (23m) is dismissive of my feelings.
Am I [21 F] really a horrible, racist, person?
Me [21M] with my GF [20F] of six months: Did she go too far?
My (28F) sister (33F) never remembers my birthday. Am I right to feel hurt?
Why am I such a wuss. Dont have the courage to talk to a girl.
My (20F) ex (20M) came back into my life randomly after four years. Tells me he never stopped loving me. But im engaged to someone else.
I (22,m) ended an old friendship and feel bad
Am I the worst best friend, Friends/ son to both my parents
Folks who have gone NC with a parent, how did you work up the courage?
My Girlfriend (23F) and I (22M) duration 3 years; I feel like she gave me an ultimatum
Man im seeing still lives qith ex girlfriend
I (29M) had emergency surgery and girlfriend (31F) decided to go to beach with family instead!!!
I (30f) gave my boyfriend an ultimatum to get a job and meds or I'd leave after years of supporting him. He (29m) surprisingly got a job but everything is somehow worse. How do I leave knowing it would stop all his progress?
Folks who have gone NC with a parent, how did you work up the courage?
I (22,m) ended an old friendship
How to break her heart.
Outpatient surgery and Girlfriend went to Beach!!
For those who have a history of preemptively sabotaging relationships out of a fear of getting hurt, when are some times where you felt the least inclined to?
How do I (20F) get my sorority (20-23F) off my back about dating a guy (22M)
My [M19] LDR girlfriend [F20] hates taking pictures of any kind
Break up with my bf?? (20F) (24M)
I (18 F) ended an unofficial relationship with a guy (18 M) who liked me. Now, I feel like I regret my decision. What do I do?
For those who have a history of preemptively sabotaging relationships out of a fear of getting hurt, when are some times where you felt the least inclined to?
New Girlfriend insists on maintaining relationship with ex who helped her through Trauma...
Scared to end a 5 year relationship?
Well fuck I guess that's that, just got curved, anyone got any nice things to say to me before I breakdown?
My [28] boyfriend [29] refuses to post any photos of us on social media after one year and says I am controlling to ask him to do it
(19m) and (25f) we have been speaking for a while and have come to the realisation that we probably wont be together
For those who preemptively sabotage relationships out of a fear of getting hurt, what are some things your partner does that stop you from following through on that impulse?
I (26F) have realized my friend (30F) of four years isn't really my friend at all and I'm not sure what to do
3 year relationship ended
My parents favor my sister over me and want to buy a clear conscience
My (27F) relationship with my brother (32M) is at its worst ever
[UPDATE] Me [32M] is maybe going to see my ex at a concert [28F]. How do I prepare myself mentally, and what should I do if I see her ?
Possible breakup between me (22m) and my girlfriend (22f)
Oh boy this one is a doozy
I (25M) made some progress with a really nice girl (22F), but kinda got stuck
My boyfriend and I not compatible?
HighPro Spy
Why do girls from dating portals want to have sex with me on their first date?
I (22M) am having a hard time coping with my peers' successes, coupled with lack of my own.
My little sister (27F) is favor by our parents and always has been
Boyfriend (26) defended me (f25) in a fight, but scared me in the process!
Is my [26 m] girlfriend's [21 f] social media behavior a red flag?
I [30M] hardly recognise my wife [33F] anymore. (Emotionally and personality wise, not physically)
I [25M] made some progress with a really nice girl [22F], but kinda got stuck
I THINK MY SISTER IS A...
Should this marriage be saved? M&F late 30s
I've [25/F] been dating a guy [25/M] for a month, does it seem like a relationship is possible?
Send flowers
Degraded down to Friends With Benefit
My boyfriend (26/m) drunkenly said he wanted to kill himself and is upset that I (21/f) am taking this seriously.
My Gf(22) of 3 years broke up with me(21) because of my Social Anxiety.
How can I (23M) deal with ED issues in a new relationship?
Did he (50+M) mean that I (28F) have to be a brown nose
My mother (59) is choosing a long time friend (58 M) who is an alcoholic, liar, and suspected pedophile over her daughters and future granddaughter this holiday season.
My (21M) girlfriend (21F) of two years has been acting weird for the past few weeks due to stress?
My [20F] best friend’s [20M] roommate [20M] dislikes me vehemently. Should I stop coming over so as to not irritate him?
Does he like me?
Did he (?M) mean I (?F) have to be a brown noser
My (M21) girlfriend (F21) has had a really hard few days and I’m incredibly confused
[18m/f] Held hands and cuddled a bit, but not sure what to do next
I [24M] feel extremely frustrated, stressed and depressed with my life and feel I'm not going anywhere.
I (19M) think I'm in love with both my girlfriend (17F) and a girl (17F) I found on Instagram
Shes (34f) been distant but throws out little ways of wanting my (31m) attention. I'm not sure what her intentions are anymore. I've been thinking about sending her this. Any thoughts?
Does he like me?
Person (19f) that I (19m) was dating all of a sudden wanted to split. I got myself another chance but is it worth trying to salvage?
Deciding if i should lose a friend or not
I [21F] like my bosses [39F] son [19M], I was with him and I need advice about telling her/not telling her about it
My girlfriend (24F) want to take a break (28M) from our relationship to figure things out.
I've developed feelings again for my ex
I (24M) just found out that the girl (23F) I’m seeing posted to gonewild in the past
I (18 m) lied to my girlfriend (17f) about my first time and now I told the truth. I need advice!
Struggling to forgive myself
My dad [49M] doesn’t like that I’m [16M] sensitive. How can I get him to accept me for who I am?
I think my (30f) sister (32) may have been coerced into prostituation
After years of mutual toxicity and naive stalling, I (29M) don't know how to proceed with separation with my wife (30F).
I’ve [20 M] been telling my friend [21 F] that I didn’t want to date her because I’m not “ready for a relationship”. Now I’m seeing someone else, and I want to be honest with. How should I go about it?
I (22/m) am going to lose the girl i think I'm in love with because of my mom
Story of Maturity of 6 years old Brother and Kind Shopkeeper
Struggling to forgive myself
My man is a high risk gambler, broke, owes me thousands of dollars. Am I being fucked over??
Incurably sick lesbian in love with her best friend. Need advice
What i can do with my jealous behaviour?
My (17M) girlfriend (16F) and her friends are so fake to each other
I (F17) want to break up with my boyfriend (M17) of one month plus a week
Story of Maturity of 6 years old Brother and Kind Shopkeeper
How to flirt with guy I hardly see?
*Please help* How can I[24F] help my Mom [54F] leave her deadbeat emotionally abusive SO [45M] and get over her fear of loneliness?
My man is a high risk gambler, broke and owes me thousands. Am I being fucked over??
We gonna be alright boys
(19f) don’t know how to handle very sad ldr breakup with (19f)
A girl asked me to go out on a date with her (my first date). I need advice.
HighPro Spy
NSFW - My (40m) wife (40f) asked me to do preform a naughty sex act. I couldn't follow through. Now she is angry with me.
How do I break up with my boyfriend
(M26) stuck in limbo with my ex
Holding onto a old flame
I (F31) am fed up with my male roommates’ (33M, 29M) cleaning habits and my boyfriend (40M) doesn’t get it.
Should I tell her or keep it to myself?
(19F)Don’t know how to handle very sad LDR breakup with (19F)
First Relationship Help
How to heal from an abusive relationship and rise above the manipulation? (23/f) (27/m) (6 year relationship)
I [F23] feel like I’m not attractive enough for my boyfriend [M24]
I [F25] feel all confused now..
My (26M) wife (25F) behaving erratically, might me trying to make it look as if I abuse her
How do I [23M] tell my boyfriend [52M] that I want him to start buying stuff for me sometimes?
My (17M) girlfriend (16M) and her friends are so fake to each other
Procrastination issue
Worried my (26M) wife (25F) is behaving erratically, might be trying to make it look like I abuse her
HighPro Hacking Services
I [F23] don’t feel like I’m attractive enough for my boyfriend [m24] [10 months official]
My [21F] boyfriend [24M] remains friends with someone he drunkenly hooked-up with
Should we [24M][26F] quit together?
I [F22] have an unattractive face and can't stand being rejected anymore, thinking about getting fillers and face injections to look more conventionally attractive. My friend [F23] calls me crazy. Should I ditch her since she's not supportive?
My BF[25M] still connected with his emotionally abusive ex[24F] through social media
My roommate, his drama, his dog, and band practices are driving me absolutely insane.
I feel like I’m going crazy in my relationship. Both mid 30s
It annoying how fake my gf and her friends are to each other
My (30F) fiancé (30M) wants us to buy a house that he loves but I don’t think is a good investment. He says he won’t be happy anywhere else. I feel horrible saying no but feel I should really stand my ground on this one - it’s important.
Cheating hearts
I (26M) feel like I am missing out. But should I end my long term relationship because of that?
How To Heal Herpes Sores Faster - Best Cold Sore Treatment
My girlfriend (28 F) & I (31 M) have established that we don't have sexual chemistry after 3.5 years & I don't know if we can rebuild our sex life.
Time for me (23m) to move on from my partner (23f)?
Me (30F) and my fiancé (30M) are looking to buy a house. He loves one that I don’t but claims he could only ever be happy there & nothing else will do.
I accidentally did something really bad, it wasn’t my fault but I feel like everyone is mad at me. How do I fix this?
My [23M] sister [19F] desperately wants to move out of our mom's [50sF] house and in with me. I'd like some advice on handling this.
Man (36m) i've been seeing for 2 month confessed to me (24f) he was a psychopath who had to teach himself empathy and social norms
I (24f) stupidly looked up my first and only ex (26m) on social media yesterday.. And I've felt sad and depressed ever since. I don't know what to do.
I'm (21m) turn on whether or not to stop talking to a girl (21f)
My [23M] sister [19F] desperately wants to move out of our mom's [50sF] house and in with me. I'd like some advice on handling this.
Me [26 F] with my bf [27 M] 9 years, bf feels insecure about our relationship. I have a career and he does not. He feels worthless and undeserving of me even though I encourage him. How do I help him?
Unnecessary/premature breakup looking for advice
I (26M) am having a crisis. Should I stay or should I go?
My boyfriend hates me drinking .. Help!!!
My [37yo M] girlfriend [33yo F] brokenup with me.
my bf hates me drinking... and here is why.
My [22F] boyfriend [20M] is not coming with me to get an abortion?
Girlfriend of 15 months broke up with me last night at a wedding. Haven’t stopped crying really... she invited me to dinner tonight.
Coworker (F30s) is treating me (23M) like a personal assistant
Dropping It All With Him (28M) For My Peace of Mind (28F) + Venting
I [24] want to get back to my ex[26]
How to stop being emotionally distant (27m)
I (29 M) Need Advice On Communicating With My (27 F) Wife
My friend’s girlfriend/roommate/landlord (20sF) wants to raise my (30M) rent
Crazy sister, Christmas woes
How can I (39f) know if it's time to leave my marriage (38m)?
My [34F] son [6M] is having a hard time in first grade.
Uneccessary/premature breakup looking for advice
I [24] thinking of going back to my ex[26]
My brother- and mother- in law need help but im not allowed to say anything
Sister (26F) is pregnant, I am worried for the baby due to her past and current behavior. Recently sent our mother a text hoping she would die from eating sharps of glass. I (17F) need advice. (LONG)
How to end things without hurting someone and leaving a negative impact for the rest of their future love life...
my boyfriend [17M] rages a lot when he plays video games and sometimes it seems like hes taking it out on me [17F]
Why do we always seem to want those who don’t want us?
Friends (F age 20) are trying to exclude me (F20) and boyfriend (M21)
I’m (26F) having a hard time dealing with my boyfriends (26M) old secret he just revealed
I’ve [20 M] been telling my friend [21 F] that I didn’t want to date her because I’m not “ready for a relationship”. Now I’m seeing someone else, and I want to be honest with. How should I go about it?
I (22F) have a crush on my roommate (22M) and I don't know if I should tell him.
Friends (F age 20) trying to exculde me (F 20) and my boyfriend (M21)
My wife (F 29) decided to pack all my (M 28) clothes up into suitcases and put it in our front yard for getting back later from a friends birthday party as originally planned.
My (23F) relationship with my mother (52F) has gone so downhill that I’ve blocked her number. But I’m seeing her next Christmas.
What is the worst mistake you made in a relationship?
My (25F) girlfriend (25F) seems upset by my recent diet and fitness changes. How do I keep this from causing a rift?
Abusive relationship.
What should I do about my dad ? I can't forgive him and everything that happened with my parents and me makes me afraid of relationship and marriage .
Am I (21f) mean for blocking my former fwb (20s m) when they get into a relationship?
True love ? Or im crazy . Unbelievable..
Boyfriend (M, 24) of 5 months won’t ever watch what I (M, 22) want to watch
How We Find Another Woman For A Threesome
I’m (27f) having issues with my partner (28m). Best to work at it independently, or together?
I (28F) thought we were dating, he (28M) says we're not
Friend won't respond to messages but is using my guest steam account
Boyfriend (M, 24) of 5 months won’t ever watch what I (M, 22) want to watch
I (M/34) am not sure what to do with my friend (m/32) after being friends for so long and lately clashing at every turn.
My [17M] ex-love interest, now friend [17F], is stuck in an abusive relationship with one of my close friends [17M] and I feel really bad that she’s being used
Some introspective advice
Relation Advice Needed About Travel
[21M] Asked out girl and got told she has plans after. Should I try again now (2 weeks later)?
I [f19] think my boyfriend [m19] might be gay
Boyfriend won’t ever watch what I want to watch
My friend (22m) just got into a relationship and wants to hangout with me (21f) but I'm uncomfortable.
Friend (26F) who I thought was into me (25M) is not, how to proceed in a complicated situation.
My (22) girlfriend (22f) wants to go to a foreign country without me
Lied to my LDR about my job
I [25M] can't keep it hard with a girl [22F] I'm seeing
Long Distance Relationship: BF(33M) told me(23F) to look for emotional support somewhere else.
Meeting GF's parents for the first time
I (21f) uncomfortable hanging out with a friend (22m) who just got into a relationship.
How do i go about this if this goes to plan and what do you think when applying this to you? [M/18] [F/17]
She(19f)said she needs space (I am 19m)
I [f19] think my boyfriend [m19] might be gay
My (22) girlfriend (22f) wants to go to a foreign country without me
Me(17 F) just reconnected with my father(49 M) after 13 years since my mom took me off to another country. He asked me about dating and he is very against me interacially dating. Advice?
Long-Distance Bf (33M) doesnt want to talk me (24f) when I am sad. Says to find other people to go to.
I’m (24M), Her (23F) - is she extremely stressed or losing interest?
An instrumental song depicting the emotions of a lost relationship to building back up again to realize life isn't as bad as it seems
I, [21] [M] , have almost surely ruined most of my relationships and need some serious help.
She(19f)said she needs space (I am 19m)
I’m a (M18) and my ex (F18) already started dating after our breakup 2 weeks ago.
My [F26] fiance [M28] thinks how I lost my virginity would matter while deciding whether he'd accept me or not
My girlfriend [21/F] started working at the same job as me and she got fired on her first day. Now she's blaming me. [22/M]
I [F22] feel in love with a guy [M22] but i still love and care about my bf [M24]
My (20F) depression is creating tension and distance in my temporary LDR with my BF (23M)
Friend (26F) who I thought was into me (25M) is not, how to proceed in a complicated situation.
(M 21) first heart break in the worst way
Me [18F] with my friend, I don't know if it's normal to be feeling bad about this.
I [21F] don’t think my fiancé [25M] finds me attractive.
I [f26] don't feel valued in my relationship with my bf [m26] of 6 months, worried this is a pattern for me
I [F22] fell in love w/ another boy [M22] but still loving and caring for my long time bf [M24]
How does fantasizing evolve after being in a LTR for a long time?
First time my heart broke
I (27F) wasn't invited to an outing with people who I thought were my friends. I don't know if I should address it.
I [30F] think my 20+ year friendship with my friend [30F] is over.
I (F 30) keep my sibling (M 35) at arms length because he behaves abusive towards everyone
Uneccessary breakup looking for advice
I (20M) am not entirely sure on how to be more romantic on my first date with (20F)
Obsessive, sexually submissive behaviour becoming a reality...
Girlfriend (29) & I (23/F) of 3.5 years are saving for a bungalow, and I keep having this urge.
My (M21) Girlfriend (F18) is concerned with how close we've gotten and wants to put some distance between us
My [22] boyfriend’s mom always calls me by my birth name and never by my preferred name (undisclosed gender issues)
Should I [23F] be trying to get over my ex [24M] even though it’s not technically over?
My boyfriend lives in VR
I [27/m] went out with a guy [24/m] and am getting mixed signals
My gorgeous girlfriend and I are created an YouTube channel!
How do I get to know her?
My (28/f) fiancé (28/m) has seemed to lose interest in me.
I [25M] with my GF[23F] of 9 weeks, just found out she has a male roommate [23M]
Not ready for a relationship
Friend's shotgun wedding to an ex-junkie
I(18F) am experiencing serious depression. After break up.
[23/M] My Last Relationship was Abusive and Manipulative, so now I'm Nervous about a New Potential Relationship
My (M21) Girlfriend (F18) has become concerned about how close we are and wants to put distance between us
I [27 y/o] went out with a guy [24 y/o] and am getting mixed signals
My ex-gf [17F] broke up with me [18M] but still loves and cares about me.
Scared my (26f) self esteem and messed up views on sex will ruin relationship with bf (27m)
[30M / 29F] Always fighting or upset shen she’s on her period.
I (22M) think my brother (25M) has been gaslighting me for years.
Abusive relationship
Girlfriend (29) of 3.5 & I (23) are saving for bungalow & living at home, I want to rent by myself.
How do I break down my wall?
UPDATE: My [32 M] girlfriend [23/F] violated my privacy and proceeded to shame me for the material she found on my private cellular phone
How do you date when your confidence is low? Should I [26/F] wait until I’m happy with my body?
My BF[25M] still connected with his emotionally abusive ex[24F] through social media
Post break-up text.
I (23M) going through first breakup with girlfriend (23F) Need advice?
How do I break down my wall?
had sex with a friend/tinder match since june? and don't know how I feel?
My fiance [M28] thinks how I lost my virginity would matter while deciding whether he'd accept me or not
I [23M] have a crush on my best friend [23M] and I hate everything about it
My girlfriend loses it over little things and blows up on me.
Me (F22) and my boyfriend (M28) have been together for almost 4 years and I think he's the one but he is my first boyfriend and I wish he wasn't.
End of a friendship.
Emotionally Unavailable men - how do you handle breakups?
She suggested an alternative time. Good sign?
My best friend (25) is coming over for a week and I have no clue what to do!
My husband decided to take a separation on his own terms. It seems like he’s okay with it, I’m slowly dying inside from the uncertainty. People are telling me to just cut it off but I can’t. (26F/28M)
Ex Gf [19F]not wanting to let go and manipulating me[M20]
I (F26) am having troubles with parents (M/F 60s) and need help
She suggested an alternative time. Good sign?
Emotionally Unavailable men - how do you handle breakups?
My (28m) girlfriend (19m) is too ashamed to do anything sexually after a failed first attempt at sex.
I (19M) got rejected a year ago by the girl of my dreams. She isn't anymore, but that still haunts my mind.
I (F26) am Living with parents (almost 60s) and having problems
My girlfriend is same height and weight as me, should I be worried
What’s the best way to break out [28F] and initiate more “hanky panky,”with my SO [26M] to keep in PG?
I [F/23] don't know how to communicate with my boyfriend [M/25] of two years
M25 / F27: Girlfriend's casual attitude to drugs gives me anxiety. How to talk about this?
M25/F27. Girlfriend's history of casual drug use
Classmate and friend(23M) of 1 year raped me (23F) after a party, asks me not to report. Am I wrong?
I always get bored of the girl after the first year.
Am I (30f) stupid for having hope that my (31m) lover will ever commit?
Are my wife (34F) and I (35M) lame for only ever having had sex with each other?
I (24m) received an interesting response to confessing and I don't really know what to make of it
Too Late to Romantically Escalate Things With a Long Time Friend?
Am I (30f) stupid for having hope that my (31m) lover will ever commit?
Do girls every truly care about their boyfriends? (or is a selfish thing)
Saw the guy (30/m) I (24/f) am dating tweeted about our date while he was sitting next to me...I followed up to see he lied about some things.
Am I stupid to think there's hope?
Too late to romantically escalate with a long time friend?
My ex-girlfriend of almost 2.5years [17F] left me [18M] and still loves me, but not as a partner should
I'm [23F] having a hard time adjusting to my boyfriend's [31F] work schedule.
I (33F) want to cut my addict father (62M) out of my life but keep failing
My [16] friend [16] is becoming increasingly hostile to all our other friends and icreasingly paranoid aswell
I don’t feel the same urging interest like I used to.
I [m32] want to quit my job and go away for a few months, my gf [f33] is not supportive
Rejecting the object of your desire.
I [23m] will be meeting with an estranged friend [23f] today and don't know how to act
24[F4M] looking for some awesome conversation..Had a break up!
The woman I dated recently wrote in our group text that she was having sex with someone else, only three weeks after brushing me off. How should I take this? (me: 25, her: 30)
My long distance girlfriend (20F) of 2.5 years and I (20M) just had a toxic Skype call
Girl unmatches me on Tinder and blocks me on Snapchat after talks about our second date. What did I do wrong?
My(24f) bf(31m) might be an alcoholic
I [23m] am meeting with an estranged friend [23f] today and I’m not sure how to act
Me [30 M] still infatuated with my ex [26 F] afther 4 years.
My Parents think I’m Addicted to Video Games, but I (21M) think I like my hobby and they don’t understand
Is it cheating and should I cut it off?
Guys, would it be weird if a girl asked to kiss you? I[19F] want to be more confident in dating.
My (F21) best friend (M22) (also fuck buddy) kissed me in public, weird
Is it cheating and should I cut things off?
I (18M) have become attracted to another girl (21F) while in college
Would you date someone with a mental illness?
Boyfriend (24M) broke up with me (21F) randomly with no indication of ANYTHING wrong. Twice. Any advice on how to pick myself back up?
My boyfriend sleeps all day, is it wrong that I’m annoyed?
I (46M) am no longer sexually attracted to my wife (46F)
My Parents think I’m Addicted to Video Games, I (21M) think I like my hobby and they don’t Understand
My relationship to my girlfriend is very superficial and we dont have any deep conversations. How do i change that?
We (21F; him 22M) have feelings for each other, but 10 year friendship is in our way
How do I ask my boyfriend for jewelry without sounding materialistic?
I'm [22M] pretty sure my older brother [25M] has been gaslighting me for years
I [22 f] cannot move on from my ex [22 m] and I feel like an idiot for it
My sister [18] cheats on her BF [ 20] who's my best friend: what should I do?
[Update] My sister [18] is secretly cheating on her BF [20] who's my best friend: don't know if i should tell him.
Should I (28f) be concerned my boyfriend (28m) doesn't cuddle with me after sex?
How do I ask my boyfriend for jewelry without sounding materialistic?
My [23m] (ex)girlfriend [25f] left me because I didn’t give her enough attention, and I feel betrayed because of it.
Problem with my sister's (19f) black boyfriend (27m)
She (34, F) is absolutely crazy about me, but I (32, M) have felt less and less for her every day.
I [25F] have been dating a a guy [25M] for three months who has been hiding that he’s been planning trips with a female friend [23] because he said he didn’t want to make me jealous.
RANT I hate being touched by my SO sometimes
I’m (F17) struggling to find a relationship because guys have told me I’m ‘intimidating?’
What should I (18F) do about my boyfriend watching porn (19F)?
[F24] Being stalked on social media and in person if I do not respond to his calls/texts/DMs [M31]
My [21M] sex-drive is lower than my gf’s [20F]. Because of this she tells me I’m making her feel unattractive when I don’t want to have sex every time that she does. I can’t help it and I’m not sure how to find a solution to this.
Breakup/last new friends M22 F22
Power of a Positive Attitude
Brother hates my guts and won't speak to me.
My friends want to go out but I really don't want to?
Sexless marriage
Ending a 2 year relationship
My friends want to party but I don't want to go?
Me[22F] tangled with [26M] who is confused about his feelings so what should I do ?
Is it a red flag that my(24f) boyfriend (28m) watches porn (cam girl stuff) right in front of me, but then tries to hide it?
Me[22F] attracted to a [26M] confused guy and I'm not sure is he just lonely ?
23 F I had a creepy experience with my bf 27m.
I get told not to date when I'm depressed, but I only get depressed when I'm lonely.
This guy asked me to be with him. Only problem is he's my best friend's ex
How can I [24M] deal with the confusion post break up with my ex [21F]?
He [27/M] is being distant to her [23/F]
Me [22F]tangled with a [26M] confused guy
I 23F am struggling with my husband's 27M porn addiction
boyfriend (30m) consciously hurt my (25f) self esteem and triggered my insecurities
Confused
Im a mid 30s m dating a late 20s f who left her ex bf after months of cheating with me to be with me but now constantly makes plans with others ahead of plans we have and basically keeps me as plan b.
Boyfriend (30M) kind of hurt my (25F) self esteem. Am I over reacting?
Thinking of divorce from lack if sex
She's too good for me.
I 23F am struggling with my husband's 27M betrayal.
My [28/m] boyfriend has sprung a huge career and cross-city change on me [26/f] with no communication. I have PTSD and am unsure I am handling this abrupt change in a healthy manner.
She's too good for me.
My (33F) boyfriend (28M) is being emotionally abusive after i "cheated" on him
In the end all I really wanted was you.
She dumped me but wants to talk on daily basis
How casual is our relationship? (F22) (M22)
Wife [21] wants sex for the second time when I [23] am tired and work in 4 hours. Am I in the wrong for not wanting sex?
Happy in mine... mostly but this question still lingers.
[21M] Asked out girl and got told she has plans after. Should I try again now (2 weeks later)?
Visit of an old friend was uncomfortable and ended badly, i don't know if Im to blame
Happy... enough in mine, but question lingers. Why do some men give some women everything, they didn’t give the other?
Stupid Argument Rant. Need advice
What could I do for my fiancé (24f) while I’m (24m)away for a year to make her feel loved?
I [m32] want to quit my job and go away for a few months, my gf [f33] is not supportive
I (f23) cant get the idea of sleeping with someone other than my boyfriend (m28) out of my head.
I [19F] feel like boyfriend [20M] is trying to isolate me from my family.
Coworker (F30s) treats me (M23) like her personal assistant
Me [22M] and my long distance partner [21F] of over 5 months are going through a rough time. Can I fix this or do I need to let her go?
I cant get the idea of sleeping with someone other than my boyfriend out of my head. How do I get past this?
Stupid Argument Advice
I am 23 Female and my boyfriend is 26 male. He doesn't like my guy friend?
I (25m) found out that my ex (27f) has HPV. Should I be telling my future partners about this?
Do your friends take a backseat when you're in a relationship?
I [20 M] want to reconnect with old friends, but I feel the need to prove myself to them.
I (25m) found out my ex (27f) has HPV. Do I need to tell future partners about this?
Should I Stay or Should I Go
How to proceed in a relationship when my (30s F) partner (40s M) of 2 years claims to not think about the future - ever!
My [20F] best friend’s [20M] roommate [20M] dislikes me. How to hang out with friends without making his house a hostile environment?
I (24 M) think my ego may be stopping me from going out with her (22).
My(22F) partner(26M) frequently inappropriately gropes me in private and it irritates me
Boyfriend (22m) won't let me (22f )leave him.
My boyfriend said our relationship causes emotional stress.
My [33M] almost 6-year marriage with my [33F] wife is collapsing, and I’m trying to plan for its failure.
Has anyone ever hired a love/relationship coach?
I really miss my ex girlfriend and I don’t know if I should reach out or keep struggling to move on.
the love of my life has a fear of commitment
[M25] Need Advice on possible Sexual Tension in the workplace with [F32]
[M14] I need advice on having a better relationship with my new Girlfriend [F14]
Only 16(M){I need advice on a girl I was talking to}
I (23m) am really struggling to get over my (21f) ex girlfriend and I really want to reach out to her.
Had the talk
Is his cousin really a cousin?
I need to know how to build a better relationship with my girlfriend [M14] [F14]
Is my friend being abused? How do I tell? How do I tell her?
Is my friend being abused? How do I tell? How do I tell her.
A complicated story about my crush. Need help
My (25F) boyfriend (25M) is always on his phone and takes it with him everywhere?
My bf thinks he is superior to me
My friend animated our childhood drama over a girl that nearly destroyed our friendship
I [26M] decided to cut ties with someone [22F] that I was falling in love with. Need advice...
Red Dead Bedroom
My [F24] boyfriend [M25] cheated on his Ex while high and it’s making me paranoid
How do you get over someone without falling in love with someone new?
I [26M] decided to cut ties with someone [22F] that I was falling in love with. Need advice...
Confused about my [26M] relationship's future with my older girlfriend [44F], considering children
How slow should I [18M] take dating with my tinder date [18F]?
My (27/F) friend (25/M) tore into me tonight, basically saying I’m never going to meet a guy because there’s no guy in the world that has all the unrealistic qualities that I’d want in an SO.
I [19M] feel like i am only staying with my girlfriend [18F] for her mental health.
How slow should I [18M] take dating with my tinder date [18F]?
I M[25] of Indian Origin am in a long term and serious relationship with F[25], she is Korean. Interested in hearing experiences of any Indians who have married Koreans, and how it has been so far in terms of cultural and practical differences/considerations.
How slow should I take dating in this case?
my couple friends invited me to a spa weekend and im not entirely sure if im comfortable with it
Tl;dr depressed boyfriend keeps in touch with ex-wife and can't let go of past failures and demons
I [23M] think my girlfriend [22F] and I just broke up
I’m losing interest in my fiancée. We met in college I’m 27 and she’s 22.
Hello guys, looking for (straight or Curious, A friend to help me explore my bi side to play with female. If you are Straight guy that knows how to have fun with ladies. I’m 33 athletic and professional euro/me mix K. I. K Mates4fun. Please be 30-50 Cheers lads
I am in an amazing relationship, but I don't know if I want that more than the alternative [20F]
Help I think my father in law (65) is being catfished
I [28f] may have to undergo a major suregery for my mom [70f] and I feel like leaving my boyfriend [31M] of five months if for the best for him
I (22F) and my boyfriend(22M) have been together 2 years. We are visiting his parents and they are making him sleep on the couch and I get the spare bed, and I’m pretty upset about it.
I M[25] of Indian Origin am in a long term and serious relationship with F[25], she is Korean. Interested in hearing experiences of any Indians who have married Koreans, and how it has been so far in terms of cultural and practical differences/considerations.
(25/F) Feeling bad about going away for thanksgiving
Tl;dr boyfriend keeps in touch with ex-wife and isn't letting go of the past and is extremely depressed
I think my GF is caring more about her ex than me
About guys...
My ex [32m] is livid that I'm [29f] dating a "friend" [30m] of his.
I [20M] have been dating my girlfriend [19F] for 2 months, but I am not sexually attracted to her. I’ve recently found myself catching feelings for my new coworker [19F] who I have been working with for about a month
Was this a date [22F] & [22M]?
I [30M] had been with my partner [30F] for the last 12 years. She has just broken up with me as she no longer feels the connection. How do I handle this?
My (18M) girlfriend (17F) gets nervous when going around my family
Odd boyfriend loosing my sleep
I think my coworker has feelings for me
M27. F 23. Are we the same?
My [22M] fiance [23F] just moved out
My reflection on my relationship
26f me boyfriend 29m 3 yrs in live in HELP
So I have no idea what to do about my parents and my boyfriend
I (m/16) tried to molest my older sister while sleeping and I do not remember it.
I (22f) got blown off by my immature boyfriend (21m) after asking to hang out and he hasn't responded to my message in 5 days and merely just tagged me in a meme the whole week. I'm not even going to break the silence with him because I'm actually looking forward to ending my relationship.
I [19F] had sex with my ex's [20M] best friend [21M]
I (22f) got blown off by my immature boyfriend (21m) after asking to hang out and he hasn't responded to my message in 5 days and merely just tagged me in a meme the whole week. I'm not even going to break the silence with him because I'm actually looking forward to ending my relationship.
Do you think my boyfriend’s political differences between me could affect our relationship down the road?
I [27F] dated this guy [25M] briefly for a few months. Now I'm heartbroken - how do I feel better?
I (22f) got blown off by my immature boyfriend (21m) after asking to hang out and he hasn't responded to my message in 5 days and merely just tagged me in a meme the whole week. I'm not even going to break the silence with him because I'm actually looking forward to ending my relationship.
Serious relationship problem
I (19 f) had sex with my ex's (20 m) best friend (21 m)
Coworker (24F) called it off with me (21M), spreads rumours about me, but still shows interest
I [27F] am completely heartbroken over a guy [25M]. We dated briefly for a few months. What can I do to feel better?
My gf [23F] told me [24M] she is attracted to one of her coworkers.
I feel like my SO is addicted to gaming. How much is too much?
I [39 M] feel like I have no real friends, and am sometimes jealous that my wife of 15 years [39 f] has so many.
Ex-SO (29m) and I (27f) broke up but we still have to live together. He’s going through a rough time. Tips for navigating this?
I [22, F] got ghosted by a long distance friend [20, F] and I'm not sure if I'm in the wrong?
How do I (17M) end small talk with my crush (17F) with the time constraints of school?
My girlfriend [21/F] broke up with me because "real men don't cry".
My gf [23F] told me [24M] she is attracted to one of her coworkers
I feel like my husband is addicted to gaming. How much is too much?
I'm a [39 M] with acquaintances, but no friends. Trying not to be jealous of wife's friends.
Anytime I [26F] try to discuss a concern with my [28M] BF, he just denies it and it turns into a bigger argument
I'm a mess. [M29]
I (36M married) want to reach out to my old internet g/f
I have been cheated on multiple times in the past and the woman I’m with now will occasionally display the same nuances that these other women had and I freak out
I (22M) am unsure if my negativity towards my parents is fair.
I (36m) married, want to reach out to my old internet girlfriend
High School Relationship
I [22 F] have become uncomfortable with my boyfriend's [31 M] time spent viewing of erotic images
I (22M) am unsure if my negativity towards my unsupportive parents is fair.
Locked out and pushed away by perpetually angry and resentful bf. Someone help!
Is the grass greener on the other side?
Hi r/relationships, I'm in a bit of a pickle right now, need your help.
my boyfriend has a weird addiction
Every time I [26F] try to discuss an issue with my [28M] BF, he just denies it and it turns into an argument
I [28M] wish that my girlfriend[29F] of one year had larger breasts.
I [20M] had to come to the US to study and seek for a better future, but I have a girlfriend [19M] back in my country.
Hey guys. Brand new to this so go lightly on me please :P 31y/o female in a 3 year relationship with 28 y/o make. It gets better. Trust me.
Depressed boyfriend struggling to move forwards in life
Husband [28M] attempted to harm himself after I [27F] demanded he end relationship with affair
my boyfriend has a weird addiction
My (f21) bf (m21) doesn’t understand the concept of a unified front, i need advice...
Work has become unbearable and im thinking of quitting.
I [28M] find myself wishing my girlfriend [29F] 1+ years, had bigger breasts
I’ve (29 F) been married to my husband (31 M) for three years and am concerned we don’t have real emotional intimacy - what does emotional intimacy look like to you/can you create it if you’ve never had it?
The girl [20F] that I [19M] love has found another guy but is confused and still loves me but won’t be with me?
Husband [28M] attempted to harm himself after I [27F] demanded he end relationship with affair
My (F21) boyfriend (M21) does not understand the concept of a unified front, I need advice
Husband attempted to harm himself when I demanded he end things with previous affair
The girl [20] that I [19] have been with for a few years has fallen for someone else and is confused and still loves me?
I want my husband back
weird tension with friend
Depressed boyfriend struggling to move forward in life. How do I keep being supportive?
How do I [20/F] deal with someone being scared/intimidated of me [20/F]
Me [F18] and boyfriend [M20] really want to be engaged but how will we tell this too my parents, how did you tell his/her parents for his/her hand?
My[23f] dad[56m] is ignoring my attempts to see him for Thanksgiving
I (F29) don't want to share beds with an old friend (M32) because of our history (cw sexual assault)
my husband [35m] hates my [31f] new birth control
My [23F] bf [24M] suffers from anxiety that he won't talk to me about. How do I help/support him?
My (26m) girlfriend (24f) is accusing me of being abusive. She is also pregnant.
How do I (20M) show my girlfriend (19F) that I care about her after not treating her with the respect she deserves?
I (19F) can’t accept LDR breakup with (19F)
How can I (19F) stop snapping at my boyfriend (28M) over meaningless things?
Boyfriend (25M) still seems to be in touch with my (22F) stalker (18?M).
How do I (25F) help my fiancé (30M) find a meaningful career path for himself?
First time cougar (42F) considering kicking college boy (26M) to curb
How to break up with my (M18) first girlfriend (F18)?
My (21F) boyfriend (22m) isnt serious about saving money to move out and it’s getting annoying.
Should I (25M) tell my girlfriend (31W) that I cheated on her?
Should I (25M) tell my girlfriend (31W) that I cheated on her?
My (20F) boyfriend (22M) is unwilling to be intimate.
I’m in a new relationship but only 2 weeks in I’ve realized I still have feelings for my ex
Single mom GF of 1.5 years [28 F] inadvertently found out about ring, wants me to propose. I [24 M] am no where near ready and it may break us up. How to proceed?[queue]
Close friend (20M) isn't 'allowed' to come to my 21st Birthday by ex-girlfriend (20F)
Any advice on what to do for my birthday?
Could I [25M] hook up with my friend[30F] as our relationship progresses?
Does anyone have success stories after cheating? Also included brief summary of my experience
two friends [F31/33] visited because I [F26] was feeling suicidal and things got awkward.
Single mom GF of 1.5 years [28 F] inadvertently found out about engagement ring and wants me to propose. I [24 M] am no where near ready and may cause a rift between us. How to proceed?
Me (20M) ive been dating my gf (20F) since we were 17 and we are both Juniors in college. I’ve been a serial cheater, since Freshman year of college. I was recently involved with my GF cousin. I’m kind of sad, because I’m scared that the cousin might tell her. What can I do to prevent this ?
I’m in a new relationship but 2 weeks in I’ve realized I still have feelings for my ex
Just got into a political argument with my Mom
A long time ago I [19] broke up with my girlfriend [19]
My (21m) fearful avoidant attachment style is affecting every relationship, including current situation. Looking for advice?
I (21m) learned today that I probably have a fearful-avoidant attachment style, affecting dating
I [24F] want to get back in touch with my former best friend [29M] who ghosted me five years ago
Dating in Sobriety | The Fix
How do I [F/23] not feel resentful/help my boyfriend [M/21] of almost two years with his time management skills?
25f with 28m 2 months, are these red flags?
My partner (30m) of 9 years and I (29m) are considering a poly relationship with our close friend (24f)
How do you invest yourself emotionally into a long term relationship?
I [22M] am about to move overseas and see my long lost ex-girlfriend [22F] who I am still very much in love with and I'm not sure how to prepare
25f with 28m 2 months, are these red flags?
My [23 f] ex [21 m] and I can’t leave each other alone and it’s been almost 3 years since we broke up. Please tell me how dumb I am being.
Sexual Harassment Is No Joke
Ex-Friend still on my spotify?
My wife and I argue so much. Is this normal.
Me (M17), My BFF (F18) and her psychopath ex-BF (M18)
I [31M] have a sexual hang up and my [29F] girlfriend got pissed about it. Need advice.
My [23 f] ex [21 m] and I can’t leave each other alone and it’s been almost 3 years since we broke up. Please tell me how dumb I’m being.
Really frustrated...
Understanding feelings towards partners friendships
Boyfriend showed semi nudes
I [14M] am unsure on how to tell a friend [14F] that I am not attracted to her.
Me [28 M] with my husband [27 M] of 1.5 years, argue over stupid things and my reaction makes me the bad guy. How can I maintain a calm attitude dealing with a controlling personality?
My job has become unbearable.
TL;DR a difficult ting
My husband lost his 'going out jeans' but I told him not to worry because they were in the dryer and he got upset because he couldn't find them. But don't worry, I found them. They were in the dryer.
Expressing a friendship bothers me...
my friends[18m] 18th birthday party is on the same day as my 1 year of being with my girlfriend[17m] What do I do?
How do I [24F] arrange thanksgiving/christmas for newly divorced parents
A difficult situation
My girlfriend froze me out, and I don't know why
My (21F) Bf (20M) called me names then told me he needed space, but texted me days later?
My [30F] boyfriend [31M] accused me of cheating on him the day my brother died
My girlfriend froze me out, and I don't know why
Will my ex ever want to be my friend?
I [18M] got a drunk call yesterday from an ex-friend [18F] and I'm a bit scared
My (21F) bf (20M) Called me a b*tch then asked for space but texted me days later
the guy [24m] i'm [21f] seeing is driving me insane
I [19/M] have a crush on someone [18/F] from uni and I don't want to do anything about it
Will my ex ever want to be friends with me?
My[17M] Brother[24M] Is A Complete And Utter Manchild And My Mother[43F] Will Not Scold Him For It...
Friendship breakups fucking suck
(20F) Feeling a bit weird about my SOs (27M) attitude to his ex girlfriends
Communication Issues
I [26M] tend to have feelings too quickly
[22M] Girl Problems dont know how to approach it
I (25F) dated him (23M) briefly, now I feel heartbroken, what is wrong with me?
My [17M] step sister [18F] caught me having sex with a childhood friend who is older, she wants to go tell our parents but that would just cause a big disaster
Do I [20 M] end it with my GF [20 F] due to coming LDR?
I was 25 years old.. just graduated as an advocate and had around 700$ in my bank account. Was dating this woman for a month and I got her pregnant.
Any advice would be welcome.
My [26F] 3 year relationship with boyfriend [32M] relationship is getting old and I’m starting to develop crushes on other men.
Can we be friends with our exes?
Communication Issues
Having some problems with my [21M] girlfriend [22F] over Christmas plans
I'm a female who shared the feelings she had for her bestfriend but somehow got rejected...can I still have hope or will it be all false?
Any advice welcome.
I(39F) have become numb after years of emotional and physical abuse from my boyfriend(41M)of 7 years , yet he is still sweet and begs me to stay. I dont know what to do.
How do I (26f) comfort him (29m) after he lost an aunt when I'm a long distance relationship?
Why does my guy friend ask about my dating life?
I just need to understand what Im feeling
Lying by Omission
[24m] I feel like my [24F] GF is showing signs she isn't love with me anymore or is bored of me, am I overthinking this?
Lying by Omission
A taken man has been flirting non stop with me. I want to let him know that I’m interested but not aggressively.
My 21m gf 21f has been helping me lifestyle-wise a lot. I don't want her to feel burdened by that?
I was 25 years old.. just graduated as an advocate and had around 700$ in my bank account. Was dating this woman for a month and I got her pregnant...
Girlfriend [23] doesn't want sex at all anymore
He (30M) reached out to make amends but doesn’t realize I (23F) finally see through him.
I [21M] am tired of dating my girlfriend [21F], but might have given her herpes.
Me [19 M] and my fiancé [18 F] have completely different goals, but want to stay together to avoid heartbreak.
When you love your ex...
Gf [23] doesn't want sex anymore
I [F22] reported an acquaintance [F20] for plagiarizing artwork to her art school. How do I keep myself anonymous/is there anything I should be aware of as the school investigates?
Things are moving (too) slow between me (19M) and a girl I'm dating (20F)
How do I [17F] deal with lazy potential boyfriend [18M] ?
Am I (31F) expecting too much from my (29M) boyfriend regarding romantic gestures?
My (M22) Gfs (22F) best friend passed away suddenly and she's shutting me out. How do I help without suffocating her
I [24M] started dreaming about my friend [27F] again, I can’t get over her and don’t want to cut her out of my life.
She doesn't want sex anymore, what to do.
I think a girl (13/f) has a crush on me (13/m)
Things are going really slow between me (19M) and a girl I'm dating (20F)
Rejecting the object of your desire.
My (22/f) social anxiety is ruining my relationship with my partner (25/m)
Her Entire Hometown Burned
I [29 F] Live with my Boyfriend[30M] of 1 year and his friends who don't like me?
What do I do? Friend (30s F) drunkenly told me (25F) she’s cheating on her husband of year, who I’m also friends with.
Does her (F30) lying about previous partners to me (M29) mean anything?
How do I [17F] deal with lazy potential boyfriend[18M]?
I [33F] supported my fiancé [34M] for 6 years. Together 9 years. He just broke up with me and is apparently already in love with his friend’s little sister [23F]. How do I move on with my life?
Crush?
Me (26m) took my partner(23f) to get her license, she got it but it ended on a sour note.
Does lying about previous partners mean anything
I [20F] don't know what I'm doing and it's stressing me out.
I [20M] have dated an older women [33F] and don't know how to tell her that the age difference is too high and want to break up
Wtf just happend can someone explain
My (22M) GFs (22F) best friend passed away and she's pushing me away and I don't know how to deal with it
I [30M] am worried about how dependent my [28F] cohabiting girlfriend is
we (i am m18; f18) cant be together due to different reasons like religion or differences, but we are trying anyway.
33 male after midnight
I [20M] have dated an older women [33F] and don't know how to tell her that the age difference is too high and want to break up
I [20 M] cheated on my girlfriend [20 F] of 2 years, And feel really horrible but I don't know if I can stop.
My crush is daily harassed by ex-friends. What can I do?
Is it wrong for me (25m) to request that my new girlfriend (26f) doesnt speak with old hookups?
I [30M] am worried about how dependent my [28F] cohabiting girlfriend is
My Boyfriend Tried to Kill Me Last Night
My crush is openly harassed on a daily basis. What do I do?
Take back or move forward.
How do I [22M] get over my nerves with this girl I’m dating [21F]?
My crush is being daily harassed by ex-friends. What do I do?
Wanting to date a new girl, [18 F] but still feeling the effects of a breakup. [M 18]
Unsure about guy I'm dating
How do I get over my nerves with this girl?
Realized that I [31M] am clinging hard to my girlfriend [30F] of one month. Any advice for managing the fear/guilt?
I [m36] am becoming quite close to an acquaintance's [m28?] girlfriend of three years [f23]
Need advise !
The best guy(40M) I've(41M) dated attempted suicide. I caught feelings. How should I handle the next steps?
My (27m) sister (24f) is having a baby with her boyfriend (30m) who tried to strangle her to death last year
I [m36] am becoming quite close to an acquitance's [m28?] girlfriend of three years [f23]
Fiance [27/m] taking brother [18/m] on his bachelor party weekend. I'm [29/f] furious fiance won't agree to a few things.
Girlfriend wants to take a break after 5 years
How can I (23)F make friends at work and lose my anxiety ?
(18M) Asked to Prom by 18F, now she's not talking to me
Dating a shy girl
Co-dependent SO, do you like your SO to be codependent or independent?
[deleted by user]
[M18]great start while seeing a friend [F19], but lack of physical connection
my introvert boyfriend[28M] wants to keep things in control ?
I [31f] feel like I'm falling out of love with my BF [34f] of 4 years after the relationship turned into a LDR.
How can I (23)F make friends at work?
Should you end a FWB when you catch feelings even if you both like being around each other? Me [21F] FWB [19M]
Should I carry on sleeping around on my husband who makes no effort to connect with me or initiate any passion?
How to flirt with guy I hardly see?
[M18]Fantastic emotional/mental connection, but a lack of physical connection with special someone[F19]?
I [25F] and my husband of 3 years [26M] are struggling and struggling, please help
My (21F) FWB (34M) said friendship wouldn’t change if we stopped having sex, but it feels like it has.
Girl [20 F] I'm [22 M] seeing long distance (3 months) lying about seeing other people
Flipped condom inside out with a hook up. Need advice
I [M 36] picked up an sti during a monogamous relationship with my gf [F 21]
Ex GF [19] manipulating/playing games with my heart? [20M]
I [m15] would prefer if friend [f15] shared personal things
My (20F) boyfriend (23M) keeps forcing me to have sex when I don't want to [NSFW]
I [27M] bumped into my Ex [26F] and asked her out. Has anyone got back with their ex?
My (26F) husband (27M) was sexting another woman for the second time in our relationship.
Meh my (25f) bf (23m) of 8 months is partying in other city with his friend group that has two 17-18 yo girls and I trust him completely but I don’t know if I’m allowed to dislike it? am I too controlling?
Alone in a marriage?
Ex GF[19F] playing games/manipulating my heart? [20M]
I (23f) am feeling financially used by my (29m) bf. Doubting his motives. TLDR included
I bumped into my ex and asked her out. Has anyone gotten back with an ex?
Girl (20F) I’m (22M) seeing long distance lying about dating other people.
My (26F) husband (27M) was sexting another woman for the second time in our relationship.
What’s the best approach for me (20m) to take when addressing my girlfriends (19f) mistakes?
Not sure how to explain this, it’s not a massive issue it’s just something some girls do that confuses the fuck out of me
Having issues in the sex department and I don’t want it impacting my love life just because my lady bits won’t cooperate. I’m 24/f any advice from ladies who have had this would be great!
I’ve [29/F] been messaging with a guy [28/M] for a month and a half now and I’m still not sure if he is interested in me romantically or as just a friend
Ex[20F] tells my[20M] best friend that she has a FWB.
Has anyone ever been in a want to leave, want to stay relationship?
My[23F] husband[24M] doesn’t love me anymore?
What’s the best approach for me (20m) to take when addressing my girlfriends (19f) mistakes?
I [26 M] haven't heard a word from my family in 7 months. I randomly saw my mom in a grocery store today and she cried publicly. I felt nothing.
My girlfriend wants me to wear a girls School Uniform?
I married a wildland firefighter and I am SUPER over it.
Any tips on helping insecurities?
“Why love hurts” aka “My[23F] husband[24M] doesn’t love me anymore?”
How to ask someone out for someone else?
My (20f) boyfriend (20m) is telling me he feels disrespected by me having old friends over
I [M 22] an in love with [F 21] inspite loving each other we can't be together.. help!
Feeling used by my bf, second guessing our relationship and his motives. Need advice on how to talk about feeling used
How do I [24M] tell her [19F] the truth?
First break up.
Frustrated with my wife’s lack of effort and passion in her life and in our relationship. Worried about depression.
Help
Borderline Personality Disorder? What the hell happened. (warning: long post)
I[23M] have started standing up for my self and some people me aren't happy about it.
How do I learn to communicate with my horrible and intimidating bosses?
First break up
[M26] Ex is trying to mess with my life?!
I [23M] made plans to go away on New Year's. Afraid girlfriend [24F] is trying her hardest to cancel my plans.
Borderline personality disorder? What just happened. (long post)
I don’t know how to communicate properly with my horrible bosses. Please help.
[M26] How Do I Get Out Of This Situation?
Today my friend lost the love of her life, I want to help.
Need advice on a DTR/Exclusivity conversation (27M/29F)
I'm helpless as fuck
My [16F] brother [28M] said things that hurt me a lot and he doesn't want to apologize. What do I do?
I (22m) might have developed feelings for my best friend (25f) but still love my GF (21f) of 3 years. How do I find out what I want to/should do(
I (22F) need advice about my ex (21M) regarding a conversation we had
How do I (20M)save my long distance relationship?
Me [25M] virgin with too many girls
Idk what to do anymore
Disrespectful Roommate Driving Under The Influence With An Existing DUI
My SO [24F] likes to snoop on my phone but hates it when I [27M] snoop on hers
Ex [19/F] blocked me after I [20/M] reached out after surviving mass shooting
My (22F) boyfriend (24M) is the love of my life but I can’t stand him anymore. Am I overreacting?
Woman I dated texted that she was fucking someone else where she knew I would read it (me 25, her 30)
Can I (24F) stay with a man (25m) who loves me but says the attraction has faded? Am I pathetic?
my wife's [23F] parents [50sM/F] make my wife feel bad about herself and judge my [29M] income
Is it wrong of me [21F] to question and intensely dislike this guy[25M]? Why did he act this way?
Trying to win over a girl I like... who’s most likely straight 11/9/18~ 8:00 AM [reupload]
Ex [19/F] blocked me after I [20/M] reached out after surviving bar shooting
My (33F) boyfriend (28M) is being emotionally abusive after i "cheated"...
my [25f] partner [27m] has different beliefs than i do. for you, would this be a dealbreaker?
Judgmental Roommate
Super lonely
I (28F) just bought my boyfriend (33M) an engagement ring. Advice?
I [20m] asked a girl out per text she said her friend is visiting she can’t this weekend (Without maybe another Time ) does that mean no?
My (19F) Boyfriend’s (19M) Promiscuous Past is Making Me Feel Inadequate
Me [32 M] with my girlfriend [25F] of two years. We fight all the time and I can’t figure out if the relationship just needs to be over.
Jealous When Girlfriend Hangs Out With Girl Friends?
Girl [21 F] I dated eventually gave excuses about her being busy. I [22 M] asked for her honesty but I still never got a “no”
Me [32 M] with my girlfriend [25F] of two years. We fight all the time and I can’t figure out if the relationship just needs to be over.
I (28F) just bought my boyfriend (33M) an engagement ring. Advice?
I [27 M] am having a potentially relationship ending issue with my GF [28 F] regarding my severe depression and I don't know how to handle it. Looking for a little advice.
I (25F) don't know what to do with my 6 year relationship (25M)
I(20|M), am heterosexual, but I am physically disgusted by females.
How to work it out between myself [20F] and ex [27M]
This train is heading to idkwhereville but I'm going along with the ride until the conductor says to hop off.
Girl doesn’t want to date me anymore, never got a “no” from her
[30 M] struggling to adjust to the casual dating world
My [19F] brother [31M] is a bit too friendly. How do I kindly tell him to tone it down?
I Am An Awful Person
I’m [24F] worried that my mom’s poor parenting is negatively affecting my sister [almost 5F] like it did me. Do I confront my mom?
Learning how to be comfortable alone again.
[24M][24F] My girlfriend is slipping on her half of the rent/bills and won't tell me anything
I (26m) am having trouble getting my Gf (22f) to want to have sex
[18F] and [22M] Confusion.
I [24 M] want to move due to personal issues with family but feel like I'm too much of a failure
Checking out other girls
Boyfriend (M 20) has changed drastically, but still wants to marry me. I (F 18) have fallen out of love with the new him, and want to break up. How do I it?
I [24/M] had my first date after a LTR the other night and me and her [21/F] hit it off really well.
gow do i get over her
[update] my date [26f] told me a insecurity of hers on 3rd date and I would like to in return tell her mine.
My wife just told me she has no interest in sex and that I should "go elsewhere" to have my needs fulfilled
How do I [27F] scale back on the time (and gifts!) my parents expect to spend with me for the holidays?
my [25f] partner [27m] has different beliefs than i do. for you, would this be a dealbreaker?
Long term boyfriend (30m) suddenly stopped wanting to sleep with me (28f).
25f with 29m 2months, does he have a drinking problem?
My boyfriend (28M) is emotionally abusing me (33F) after I "cheated"
What does it mean when a guy [27M] sends a woman [33F] pics of himself?
How do I apologize to my brother and try to fix our relationship?
Social media and a false sense of security?
How do I [24M] help this girl [22F] open up with me?
Me [26 M] seeing girl [21F] 1/1.5 Months, made myself anxious; Dating
My aunt (29F) in an abusive relationship with her husband (36M)
What do I (24F) get my boyfriend (22M) for his birthday?
[Non-Romantic] I’m concerned over the relationship the kids I babysit have with their parents
How to deal with being being older, married, and going out?
How do I [F18] cool off with potentially unstable boyfriend [M19] of over 1 year? He flew off the handle at me over something very minor last night and now I’m starting to see red flags everywhere.
Found out that the Guy [29] I was talking to for 5 months has been lying to me [F 28] about everything.
How do I convince my aunt (29 F) to leave her abusive relationship with her husband (36M)
Me (26m) seeing (21f) 1/1.5 months - dating.
I [24M] recently had my first date after the end of a LTR
I [M/23] did not provide emotional support after my ex-girlfriends [F/23] father suddenly died, and she probably hates me now.
Behaviour of my [25F] boyfriend [21M] after a party.
I (23M) caught my GF (21F) having a non-romantic/non-sexual "Sugar Daddy", what do I do? :(
My (22F) boyfriend (27M) doesn’t make enough money....
My [Mid 20s M] girlfriend [Mid 20s F] of almost 4 years routinely spirals and unorganized with life.
Guy I was talking to for months lied about EVERYTHING.
My [27M] Girlfriend [21F] got me an organizer for our anniversary [1st], that I didn’t get exited enough about.
How should I [17M] deal with this long distance crush I have to this girl [17F]m
I [28m] think I just lost a significant chunk of my friends, and wanted to be alone for a bit, so I canceled a meeting with my gf [25f] of ~8 months. She's upset and now I'm worried I'm losing her, too.
My (38F) husband (37M) of 6 months does not want to combine our finances, but I do.
All of my bestfriends forgot/didn’t wish me a happy birthday
My (34f) ex (36m) just got engaged
Help! wife meet not possible 😣😭😭😢
My [27f] ex [30m] says he wants me back... I still love him but I am terrified of being hurt again and don't know what to do
if your partner has different religious beliefs than you, is it a dealbreaker?
Is this unhealthy? If so what can I do about it?
For anyone who was in a long term relationship that ended smoothly, how did that happen?
I (24M) caught my girlfriends (21F) dad cheating on her mom with another man. He told me that his wife knows, but that his daughter doesn't, and he wants to keep it that way.
I [29F] am traveling overseas to meet my online "boyfriend" [38M] in a week. He just said he had to cancel.
My boyfriend [25 M] has been making me [25 F] feel guilty for not wanting to have sex.
I (25F) would appreciate advice on finding compromise with my fiance (33M)
My (27F) boyfriend (28M) of many years broke up with me
I 19M am being ghosted and unfairly treated by this girl 18F...
My girlfriend got me an organizer for our anniversary, I got her a vacation to Kreta (Don’t judge by the title, read first please)
My girlfriend [19F] says I [21M] take things overboard
Super stressed, super frustrated, and now super bad husband
I (29M) need help talking to my girlfriend (25F) about what her roommate (2?F) wears around their apartment.
How do I [26F] help and support my lonely depressed dad [60M]?
I [29F] am traveling overseas to meet my online "boyfriend" [38M] in a week. He just said he had to cancel.
My (28F) husband (31M) told me he wanted to see his friends/colleagues but when I offered to join them, he got furious and said he’d rather not go. I have a feeling he might be cheating on me again. Am i just being paranoid?
My (21F) LDR of 14 months with 23M is not working and I don't know what to do.
Motherless men: how it influences their relationships with women?
My (28M) girlfriend (28F) just dumped me after 7 years of long distance relationship. She doesn't want to work on our issues.
My wife[31F] reacts wildly to my[31m] seemingly innocuous comments. This time it was about food leftovers, yes you read that correctly.
Trying to reignite short lived spark on date tonight - need advice!
My roommate and I (both 22F) believe our other roommate (21M) is in an emotionally abusive relationship
How do I become content in my relationship?
(20M) I didn’t have sex for 2 days feeling grumpy / frustrated
My[26F] boyfriend [25M] broke up with me and it is taking everything in me not to contact him.
My roommate is driving me up the fucking wall
(20M) does anyone else get grumpy/frustrated when they don’t have sex?
My friend [27F] took something I [29F] said the wrong way and I don't know how to fix our relationship
My (18f) father (52?m) gets angry at me all the time over the smallest stuff and I’m tired of it.
After years of dating my [M25] SO [F27], is it normal to fantasize about others?
I (24M) just found out that the girl (23F) I’m seeing posted to gonewild in the past.
My [24M] roommate [26M] kicked our dog in the head and lied to us about it.
1 (29f) with BF(33m) just diagnosed with degenerative disease
How do I [19M] tell her [19F] that I don't feel the same
My [M19] date [F18] has serious relationship issues with her mom [F40s]
My(26F) boyfriend(25M) broke up with me and it’s taking everything in me not to contact him.
Am I [21M] a bad person for developing feelings for a friend [19F] who has a boyfriend?
I really need some advice on me [20F] & my [19M] boyfriend, we’ve been together for 6 years. I feel like these are major red flags?
After years of dating [M25] my SO [F27] , is it normal to fantasize about being with other people ?
My [24M] roommate [26M] kicked our dog in the head and lied about it to us.
I need advice with my relationship, I’ve been seeing some major red flags.
Have I [25M] lead on a coworker [20F] and if so what can I do to keep the peace at work?
Friend(18m) dumped by long term girlfriend(18f) today, how can I help?
i met this guy this semester in college and i really like being around him(he’s 2 years older than me) but he’s leaving for dental school next fall. i wanna tell him how i feel but i know it probably wouldn’t be right since he’s leaving.
I (male) have lost my best friend (female) who is in an abusive relationship. Advice needed... *Long Post*
I [20F] have been with my boyfriend[19M] for almost 6 years and I’m seeing major red flags. I need advice. Tl:dr
How do I maintain an online relationship? [28F]
I (male) lost my best friend (female) due to an abusive relationship. Looking for advice...
Asking someone [21/F] out when you're [21/M] not fully feeling it?
I [M26] Have no idea how to approach women and am terrified I will never have a girlfriend.
Is it acceptable for me(29F) to cut ties with my late grandfather’s wife (81F) now that he’s gone? She’s always treated me terribly despite my attempts to be friendly.
he’s leaving for grad school
My [28F] husband[29M] didn’t clean the house once while I was gone for 3.5 weeks. WHY? How do I ask him to help without nagging?
What should I do??
For women over 18 - what two foreplay activities are the most pleasurable for you? It can be either something done to you or something you do to your partner.
My (17F) argument with my mom (40+F) opened my eyes and I believe it was the final argument that pushed me away from her for good, like brother.
My (F21) boyfriend (M22) broke up with me now regrets it and wants to get back together?
My [27F] fiance [30M] is horrible with money.
Unpopular opinion: you do not have to support your friend’s decisions
My [30M] friend is getting way too argumentative and judgemental and it's becoming unbearable to me [30M] and to our other friends.
[M26] Having Problems Figuring This One Out. What Are My Options?
Jealous or just not interested
[UPDATE] I'm finally over her...
The dirty dishes in the sink are threatening to ruin my relationship
Jealous or just move on
I (22F) pay for everything in my relationship with (31M) and it is boring and tiresome.. Seeking advice?
22M with 22F and too young for this
I (22F) am paying for everything and it is getting so boring and tiring.. Seeking advice.
Too young for this
[UPDATE] I'm finally over her
Will he leave her for me
I (26f) need advice on his (33/m) possible anger issues? Should I be worried?
My(21M) girlfriend(20F) gave her number to a coworker
What can I do to plan a romantic night for my husband?
I (24F) still miss my former best friend (29M) and want to get back in touch after he ghosted me
How can I [24F] make a night romantic for my husband [27M]?
My (21) ex (21M) broke up and now wants to get back together?
[M23] I got kicked out by my dad [54]M and sister [F27] because I didn't complete rehab. Now I don't know if I should go to work, rent my own place or go back to rehab and afterwards go back home.
My [28] long distance boyfriend [29] refuses to see me but won't break up, why?
How do I [23 F] back away from this guy [31 M] without losing my favorite coffee shop?
My (25f) housemate/family friend (28m) is ex USA military and is hard to live with. What support does he need, or should I just pull away?
My (28/M) girlfriend (34/F) of 10 years constantly asks herself if she still loves me romantically whenever we have a disagreement.
[M23] I got kicked out by my dad and sister. My only way to go back is going to rehab/psych ward. Broke and don't know if I should work and live on my own or go to rehab and go back.
My [23F] boyfriend [23M] does not take any effort to introduce me to his friends
I (23F) need a detached opinion over my discusion with him (23M). I want to know how I overcome my issues with dating in general.
Long Distance relationship- do I have the right to be annoyed that he won't pick me up from the airport?
My [23F] boyfriend [23M] does not take any effort to introduce me to his friends
How can I (22M) support my new girlfriend (21F) who was raped in her past?
HELP: What can I donate to wildfire victims?! Thousand Oaks just endured a mass shooting, now we are all evacuating!
I need an objective opinion - tottaly in love with my incompatible bf
4 years fucking gone and its just hit me how toxic it was 22f
My [26F] mother [50sF] is jealous of other females in my life
I [20M] hate my gf’s [19F] best friend and it hurts me when they spend time together
How would you normally get over a long term relationship, dispite still caring for the person.
Girlfriend (F22) deleting ex's messages and meeting up without telling me (M23)
My [25F] mother [50sF] is a very jealous person
My crush bought me souvenir gift but she denied my souvenir gift that I bought for her.
People of reddit: What do you normally do that helps you get over a long term relationship?
Girlfriend (F22) deleting ex's messages and meeting up without telling me (M23)
Is there a way to save this?
I [20M] hate my gf’s [19F] best friend. And it’s making me feel bad when they’re having fun.
Girlfriend deleting ex's messages and meeting up without telling me.
Completely confused over my ex. TL;DR my ex messed me around and basically cheated and now is missing me and twxting me wanting me back so I don't know what to do!
Is there a way to fix this?
(26M)’s girlfriend (23F) of 2 years has been caught lying but continues to do so.
Completely confused about my ex.
Husband [33M] is dealing with a dibilitating disease and Im [F32] losing my shit.
My [ 21 M ] girlfriend [ 21 F ] finds it hard to break up because of her parents, but often tries to, what should I do?
Husband [M33] is facing dibilitating disease, and I'm [F32] losing my shit
What should I [21M] do in a situation like this with my girlfriend [21F]
(18F) and (22M) Confusion.
Living [26f] with my fiance [26m] is proving to be difficult
My husband (28m) doesn't discuss having kids and it's affecting my (30f) feelings about our relationship
My (21m) girlfriend (21f) cheated on me while extremely drunk, can the relationship be saved?
Living [26f] with my fiance [26m] is proving to be difficult
My husband (28M) doesn't want to discuss having kids and it's affecting my (30F) feelings about him and our relationship
My (21m) girlfriend (21f) cheated on me while incredibly drunk, is there a chance at saving this?
Should I [22F] tell my boyfriend [24M] that his ex cheated on him?
Me [28,M] crushing hard if my coworker [40,m]. Married man, and I know will never happen. But I can’t help it
Afraid of feeling jealous in new relationship (26F) and should I share this w/ him (26M)?
My ex (M21) has broken me (F21), I feel exhausted and numb, I gave him my all but he forced me to leave.
Should I confess to lies I felt pressured to tell?
Is this strange? [18F] [22M] His behavior.
My (F/34) ex-girlfriend (F/28) seems to be my benchmark in dating
Weird how they drop you and youre left broken and make you feel like your the problem 22F
Dealing with jealousy (26F)
Weird how they drop you and youre left broken and make you feel like your the problem 22F
My (26F) boyfriend (28M) cancelled counseling appointment last minute. Need advise on how to handle situation?
My (21m) girlfriend (21f) cheated on me while black out drunk, is there a chance to save it?
Weird how they drop you and youre left broken and make you feel like your the problem 22F
I think the concept of pregnancy is extremely terrifying but my bf wants me to have kids. I've never wanted kids but I told him I'll adopt a kid when we're 40
Weird how they drop you and youre left broken and make you feel like your the problem 22F
Wife doesnt want to be married now,I need to find a new start
I (29F) accidentally invalidated my trans friend (29FtoM)
My (37M) wife (35F) of 10 years told me she doesn’t love me anymore.
My (30f) boyfriend(32m) and I were talking about sexual assault and I found out something that has me rather upset and I don't know how to handle it.
My [26M] coworker and me [31F] have been flirting via text.
Update to 32F, uncomfortable with my sexually and reproductively dimorphic characteristics
Did I do the right thing breaking up?
I (29F) accidentally invalidated my trans friend (29FtoM)
do u use birth control and why or why not, what is ur relationship status, are you married (and if married then do u take your husbands desire for u not to use birth control into account)
My [26M] coworker and me [31F] have been flirting via text.
How do I[23M] make sure I don't relapse into my video game addiction?
Weird how they drop you and youre left broken and make you feel like your the problem 22F
I [24F] have been in a relationship with [27M]. Today someone [20sM] approached me and I just didn't tell him that I had a boyfriend.
My [26M] coworker and me [31F] have been flirting via text. I found out he has a girlfriend and I feel really bad and want to cut off communication without making things awkward at work.
I (F21) moved on from a relationship very fast & my friends are mad at me for it
My best friend (26F) refuses to move on from her ex and I (25F) want to know how to help her.
How did you know you were in love?
[UPDATE] 30M 26F We finally broke up and so much has been exposed.
Weird how they drop you and youre left broken and make you feel like your the problem 22F
I [F20] cheated on my bf [21] and I don’t feel bad.
Males, have you ever told a female best friend you had fallen in love with her? Was her reaction good or bad?
I fuck up my first kiss lmao
[SERIOUS] I'm using my ex as the benchmark in dating
At what point is it weird to NOT live together?
At what point is it weird to NOT live together?
Does he like me?
Uti from sex with one certain person?
I (F 27) have been talking to a guy (M 28) for 5 months and we have never met
Dentist [19F] x Doctor [19M] couple - what advice would you give me?
My boyfriend (19M) and I (23M) broke up tonight.
Me [24 M] with my ex [24 F] of 3 mths LDR, broke up but wants to be friends
She [19 F] cried when breaking up with me
My (24F) Bf(31M) wouldnt do long distance if we had to
Dentist [19F] x Doctor [19M] couple - what advice would you give me?
My (18f) boyfriend (20m) admitted to have a crush on his ex girlfriend
My [17M] childhood friend [18F] wants to tell my mom about my depression and mental health issues but that would only make things worse
My [28F] boyfriend [32M] want us to split rent equally although he makes x3 more than I do.
I [25/f] asked my boyfriend [29/m] if he could show me who he talks to on Messenger and he got insanely furious.
I [25/f] asked my boyfriend [29/m] if i could see who he’s talking to on Messenger and he was furious?
I’ve been dating a guy for months that I’ve never met. What if I don’t like him when we meet?
I [23 M] have a major crush on a bisexual coworker that started working with me 4 months ago and I need to stop thinking about her but I can't. Can someone help me out here?
How do I [21F] decide if my relationship with my boyfriend [25M] has fallen flat?
My boyfriend (19/M) and I (23/M) just broke up.
How do I (22M) talk to my girlfriend (23F) who had an eating disorder in her teenage years, about her weight gain?
Boyfriend & I just broke up.
My [24F] husband [24M] doesn’t love animals like I do and it’s really getting to me..
Why do I [20F] still feel resentment towards my ex [21M]?
How do I [24F] explain to my husband [24M] how important animals are to me?
I sleep with people too early and feel like it prevents me from having the deeper relationships I want.
After a break up how do you know miss your ex because of love... or because you miss then as someone special in your life.
I'm about to lose it...
antidepressant withdrawal breakup
My (29M) girlfriend (29F) of 6 years wanted to be Polyamorous, I didn't, we broke up, now she changed her mind and wants me back.
My ongoing horror story
I (30f) don't know how to leave (38m) logistically
My [21M] girlfriend [20F] of 1 year crossed a hard boundary involving nudity
After a break up how do you know you miss your ex because of love... or because you just miss them as a friend who was always there.
Blindsided by husband’s request for divorce. [25M + 23F]
Weird how they drop you and youre left broken and make you feel like your the problem 22F
Past Breakup is Causing me to Feel Down. What do I even do?
Cheating?
What to do?
Confused with feelings
My girlfriend (26F) of 4 years REALLY wants me to move in with her. I (27M) do to, but I am terrified because I have no savings.
I am confused with feelings, what do I do.
Weird how they drop you and youre left broken and make you feel like your the problem 22F
I [20 M] am having doubts about my long term college girlfriend[20 F]
I (24f) Developed Insecurities because of Abusive Ex (26M). I'm Afraid it's Going to Ruin my Current Relationship
BF(23) broke up with me (F, 22) because he wanted me to get better from my dependency and depression
I dont even know if I'm going to be honest
Second time I've [39 M] been dealt a slow fade - by the same person [36 F]
Me [19 M] with my __gf_ [20F] of 11 months- did I do something awful?
I (29f) don’t know if I should clarify to man (29m) I went on date with that I am not a virgin
Am I(25f) settling for less? (25m)
Husband (35m) and I (35f) are living with my parents. He can't stand my mother (62f) and I feel constantly stuck in the middle
I (24F) Struggle with Jealousy Issues Because of my Abusive Ex(26M). I'm Afraid of Ruining my Current Relationship
BF (23) broke up with me (Female, 22) because he wants me to get better from my dependency
Is my [31M] coworker [mid 30sF] flirting?
Don’t want to be FBs anymore
I (21F) feel like I should break up with my boyfriend (18M)
My [M23] girlfriend [F22] and I are now in long distance relationship. She depressed and said she's afraid of cheating.
Left by bf of 12 years
Is it bad to edit photos?
Don’t want to be his FB anymore
Should I grab the chance to get back with BF?
I (21F) don't know if I am dating him (21M), or are just good friends hanging out
I Had an Ex Commit Suicide Earlier This Year, Current BF Thinks it's Cool to Joke About Committing
My husband (39M) of 1 yr says I (34F) am controlling. Help me understand.
I (24F) caught my boyfriend (27M) on dating sites. How do I start to forgive him?
My boyfriend (20M) admits to cheating on me (19F) last night and ask if I can just forgive it and move on forward with him today
I [26F] don't understand what my mother [56F] wants from me.
First time I (23F) am pursuing someone, should I bail or see where it goes with 21M?
Weird how they drop you and youre left broken and make you feel like your the problem 22F
Me (M) married attorney hot for a client (F). She is into me too.
Auto battles
Need some advice on whether I should start a relationship 24M & 29M
Boyfriend of over one year admits to cheating on me then asks me if everything can just go back to normal
Dating a celebrity
My [18F] boyfriend’s [18M] family needs money and I can so easily help but he won’t let me
I want to start talking to this girl but I don't know how to approach it.
Should I break up with my girlfriend?
Auto battles
My girlfriend [25F] left a "booby-trap" to catch me [26M] cheating? I don't know how to respond.
I 24 m need some advice about my 21 m friend who I am just finding out is racist.
Need some advice on whether I should start a relationship with my long distance boyfriend
How far should I take things on this first date?
I can’t tell if he(20M) wants to try things again with me(19F)
Do you think its too soon to live with someone after dating for 4 months?
How far should I take things on this first date?
Ouch. My (29f) husband (30m) just friend-zoned me.
Father had my name tattoo covered
I have sex too early and often with people and it stops me from having the deep relationships that I desire
My mom [60] "consoles" me [25] when I'm crying, by only encouraging me to cry more without acknowledging the real issues.
My (24F) dad (45M) keeps in contact with my emotionally abusive ex husband.
I [24 F] feels confused over [24 M] ex-partner.
Girlfriend advice [M14] [F14]
When should a potential deal breaker affect​ a relationship?
I [16M] need some advice on this situation with my girlfriend [15F]
My wife (30f) is feeling some kinda way and it's killing me (33m)
My girlfriend (29F) is having a birthday soon. Gift ideas?
How do I [31/f] make my boyfriend [28/m] understand sex is important in a relationship?
A friend [18F] of mine [20M] is in an emotionally abusive relationship. Please help me help her.
I [25F] have dug myself into a hole with my boyfriend [29M]. He won't leave.
Am I that much of a shitty person?
I [23M] suddenly getting cold feet with GF [23F] of 4 years
He(20M) abruptly ended a good relationship with me (20F) not sure why?
I think my Girlfriend [26F] of 4 years is emotionally cheating on Me[25M]. I don't know how to feel about it.
Girlfriend advice
How do I get her to start it? (The girl you like)
My (32F) mother (50F) is addicted to drugs and alcohol and has zero interest towards her grandkids. I'm tired and hurt. I'm not sure if I should give up on her or keep trying to help her get clean, after five years of trying.
Need some advice on right person wrong time
Harder to be taken care of than to be a caretaker
I'm (32F) suspicious that my boyfriend (32M) might have cheated, and need advice.
How do I get her to start it? (The girl you like)
I need proper tips on how to move on 22f
I'm (32F) suspicious that my boyfriend (32M) might have cheated, and need advice.
Need some advice on "right person, wrong time"
My (22M) girlfriend (23) only talks about work.
Wanting companionship is driving me [23 M] nuts
Is it true that starting relationship with someone became harder in winter?
I (25f) had a mental breakdown. Boyfriend of 2 years (23) is having trouble feeling close to me now/questioning relationship
My BF [29M] temporarily doesn't want to have sex with me [27F] and I'm having a hard time not being mad.
I[25/f] am done with the relationship but cannot breakup with him [27/m] right now. How to be sane?
My (22M) girlfriend (23) only talks about work.
Paranoid thoughts/actions about cheating
I [32 M] found my wife's [31 F] of 4 years nude pics on my friend's phone
I’m[28M] currently sleeping on the couch because my wife[24F] blew up brownies
How to stay strong while gf is hurting
Is it possible to mistake relationship longevity with love/destiny
Going in for the first kiss with a new girl. Best way to do it?
I [23F] am always the one having to travel for family get togethers
Hey baby, this is how I met your mother，love story
How can I (21F) make my boyfriend (33M) feel more appreciated?
I[32M] found my wife's [31F] nude pics on my friend's [33M] phone. He's always been hitting on her, she's quite attractive and she's always been polite to him. Now I'm devastated. I haven't spoken to either of them. What do I do?
Girls, Confess the worst holiday gifts you got from your boyfriend
I (F19) got dumped twice in the span of six months.
I [25m] went on vacation and cheated on my fiancée [24f] that I’ve been with for 3 years; have feelings for the girl I hooked up with.
I don't think i can forgive what my dad did to my mom and my parents affected the way I see marriage and relationships .
How can I stop being so easy?
Are my friends calling me fat?
My TA is an amazing person
Am I overreacting?
I 30F feel jealous about my partners (33M) friend
My (28f) coworker (28f) is mad and ignoring me because of my mistake and for me calling her out on her mistake. Was I out of line and how do I repair?
I (43F) don’t like my friend(38F)’s daughter (10F).
How did you guys or girls go in for the first kiss?
How do I bridge the gap from group friend to personal friend?
How can I stop being so easy?
I really like my TA
Setting our selves free. It's about Love versus Time. [21F][21M]
You see there is this girl
I'm not sure about my [19 TF] my relationship with my Girlfriend [18 F], there's a lot of bad things.
Harder to be taken care of than to be the caretaker
I need a Good and reasonable girl or mama that have fear in God and need a serious relationship
Could use some thoughtful advice for anyone reading this...
I [21M] keep having thoughts that I’m gonna pass away too soon
Me [28 M] Never been in a relationship, really scared of the idea of being alone but scared of being vulnerable.
Love versus Time.
Do We Send To My Father Or No?
I [22F] have a group of friends [early 20’sF] that includes a girl [25F] that none of us can stand.
My [26F] husband [27M] was caught sexting another women for the second time in our relationship, then unloaded a major secret he has been keeping for our entire relationship.
Boyfriend (25 m) never asks how my (22 F) day is going
Why does my ex view my stories?
My (23m) girlfriend (21f) gave me an ultimatum because I smoke weed.
[M] [21] All of my girlfriends think I'm gay
I can't do this anymore regarding my parents
I (25M) am having trust issues with my girlfriend (30F)
boy oh boy
My [22F] boyfriend [26M] spends too much time with his ‘friend’ [24?F].
I (M 23) fell in love with a girl (F 20?) I don't even know.
Work woes
I [23/M] went to my girlfriend's [22/F] house and accidentally spoiled Breaking Bad for her dad. Now he's pissed at me.
just got engaged and another woman kissed me
I [M28] take amateur boudoir shots for friends, can tell new GF [F22] of 3 months is slightly uncomfortable with it but doesn't say anything
Am I overreacting?
Do I (F26) have a right to be pissed at my in-laws right now?
My (24f) cat was put down without my knowledge by my Mom (55f), and I don't know how to forgive her
I (M 23) fell in love with a girl I don't even know
When should I [28/M] ask for a relationship with a woman [26/F] I met a little more than a month ago
23 married female attracted to 38 year old married ex-boss
I (20F) think I made a mistake
Hooked up with really good friend from high school after almost a decade apart, need help figuring out where this is going!
I [24F] like this guy [21M] who I think likes me too, but is too shy to pursue me.
I [23M] am losing a friend's [23M] trust because of my friendship with a girl he likes [22F]
Send to my Father or not?
I'm[20/M] a blight on my religious gf[20/F] and wants me deleted off her social media. [xPost /r/relationship_advice]
I (20F) think I made a mistake
Me (28F) with new SO (32M), cant let something go...
I (19f) matched with a classmate (19m) I have a crush on, but can’t tell if he’s interested or not
Polyamorous partner (26F) won’t agree to my (25F) boundaries 6 months in - should I end things?
I like my college TA
[17 F] feeling skeptical about long distance boyfriend's [17 M] new friends?
Why is she doing this? What should I do to progress this.
My (16M) crush (?F) keeps looking at me, and don’t know what it could mean
Polyamorous partner won’t agree to my boundaries 6 months in - should I end things?
I (23M) haven't talked to my father (50M) in more than a year.
How would you feel if your SO keeps in contact with their ex?
Bf (23) wants to get a shock collar for our puppy (5m)
My (16M) gf (16F) says the way I dress is a turn off, it feels kinda insulting
I'm [30m] torn between my former ex [27f] and the woman [38f] whom I just split from.
Suggestions for me (M31) getting over a dysfunctional relationship (F29)
My (26M) SO (24F) is hiding the depth of a relationship from me
my (34F) boyfriend (36M) publicly shared part of our sex life and he doesn’t think it’s a big deal
What's the best thing someone can do for/to you that makes you feel great? My [20F] favorite thing is still getting hugs and kisses from mom [65F]!
My [30m] introverted gf sometimes takes days off from our relationship. Is this normal?
I (23M) haven't talked to my father (50M) for the past year.
My [30F] LDR boyfriend [32M] just revealed to me he’s been living with another woman
Ex (36/M) Leading Me (F/30) On?
My (30/M) wife (26/F) of 7 years said some cruel things to her mother about a serious medical diagnosis I had just received (we were going through a rough patch at the time). She now wants to work things out but I'm having a tough time forgetting it.
My boyfriend publicly shared a part of our sex life and I’m embarrassed
How do I let go?
My [30M] introverted gf [31f] sometimes takes days off from our relationship. Is this normal?
How do you feel about your SO keeping in contact with their ex?
I [37M] self-sabotaged the engagement with my fiancée [32F] twice. She’s willing to work it out, but how do we deal with her family hating me?
I (20M) don't know how to end it with fling (20M)
My[25M] girlfriend[25F] often feels unwanted and neglected during our time apart
Am I (23M) a rebound for my new girlfriend (22F)?
Kind of tired of my d/s relationships.. None of them excite me anymore.
Is this normal when for starting a relationship
I [30 M] am unhappy in my relationship with my girlfriend [21 F] of over a year but when I mention breaking up she has a panic attack
How do I [27F] help him cope better with his [30M] work stress?
Would a relationship between 2 people that have the same profession work? I read this stuff that people usually have "fights" or arguments if they are on the same profession and that it would be better for the partners to have different professions?
How do I empathize with boyfriend’s work stress?
I [19F] don't know what to do about relationship with [20M]?
I [M28] take amateur boudoir shots for friends, can tell new GF [F22] of 3 months is slightly uncomfortable with it but doesn't say anything
I will! Or will I? - Worst proposal stories
my crush bought me souvenir gift but she denied my souvenir gift that I bought for her.
Update: My (22F) little sister (9F) came out to me.
Brother (19) thinks he heard Grandmother bad-mouthing Mother. Grandmother said she wants nothing to do with him
Update: My (22F) little sister (9F) came out to me.
Ex Leading Me On?
Confronting my (F33) brother (M35) about his behavior towards cancer stricken mum (F55)
I broke up with the girl I love.
Me [28 M] with my girlfriend? [32F] just over a month, my first relationship, wants to break upbeca use shes 'destructive'.
I [25M] have fallen head over heels with my new girlfriend [27F] and I am scared
Need advice
I [23M] am asking this because I think I am having slight feelings towards her. If a guy video calls a girl after she came home from work, does he like her?
Does My (26M) Ex-Girlfriend (25F) Want to Get Back Together?
Girlfriend [27F] works at a job that is really bringing her mood down, every day and has been for months. I [30M] am not sure how to handle it at this point, advice?
Can you stay with someone who refuses to get a job?
I (24F) am moving to a new city to be with BF (32M). My ex lives there too - should I meet up with her/be friends?
My daughter(4) is calling my bf daddy, her dad is not okay with it but she won't back down
How do I (30 M) stop feeling guilty about saying no when it comes to rescuing loved ones?
How to move on from someone you thought you would marry 22f
I (30M) like to spend some nights alone. My gf (23F) says that is not ok and shows me not caring enough.
Me (27F) and my cousin/MOH (26F) - not sure if want her to be my MOH anymore. Advice please.
NEED ADVICE!! Feeling like I want to experience single life as a teenager at 10 months into a relationship but also madly in love??
Unwanted Grudge
My (21F) Girlfriend and I (21M) duration 2 years; recently went to a party with an ex, things haven't been the same since.
I [14m] want to get closer to my friend [14m]
Boyfriend (35F) making my (33F) shitty experience about himself.
I(22 F) am unhappy with my sex life and my bf(26 M) approach to sex and protection
Something happened to my girlfriend and now she won’t talk to me (20 F/M)
I don’t know what to do anymore
My [21M] girlfriend [20F] and I broke up last night because she's "not happy". I'm at a loss
My [30/F] boyfriend [42 M] 3 years, wants to meet up with his ex
Planning to propose next year.
My (17F) feelings for my girlfriend (17F) are stronger when I’m drunk, and I’m afraid that I don’t have a connection with her anymore.
Girlfriend dresses more revealing than what I am comfortable with
26F I am having a relationship problem with my identical twin. She blocks me, says to only contact her in emergencies
I'm [22F] afraid to move home with parents [F/M 57] for religious reasons.
My [21f] boyfriend's [25m] dad didnt call my boyfriend on his 25th birthday
I [32F] was told by a mutual friend that my husband [35M] said that he wants to stay married to me for his benefit.
Girlfriend dresses more revealing than what I am comfortable with
My girlfriend was raped and now she won’t talk to me (20F/M)
26F I am having a relationship problem with my identical twin. She blocks me, says to only contact her in emergencies
My girlfriend [28F] of 7 years and I [29M] can't agree on living in the same city (career vs family)
My boyfriend [23M] keeps comparing me [21F] to another girl [25F], and wants me to be like her. How do I make him stop?
My(22f) mother(47f) wants to stay with me and my boyfriend(27m) for a week
Is this normal?
[19M] Confused on relationship between me and girl [18F] who lives on my floor
[22 M] Co-workers [m/f 25/35] resent me for getting to work early
My friend [28F] is thinking of staring a family with her husband [31M]. I [31F] have concerns about their relationship. Should I say something?
Is this normal?
Mom bought suprise theatre tickets for her and my dad, but my dad didn’t go
Financial Inequality, is it unfair to view our finances as separate?
[19M] Confused on my relationship with girl who lives on my dorm floor [18F]
Depression in my relationship and now the dreaded dead bedroom. Any advice? Does she still love me?
I'm (16M) worried about my friend (16M)
I (34 F) am getting tired of my families, specifically my Cousin's (50 F) antics
i need to try and move on but need tips 22f
My [26 F] mother [69 F] is seeing a married man.
Financial Inequality, is it fair of me to view our finances separately?
[34/F] gave my [27/M] bf an ultimatum, he fulfilled it but I’m already sleeping with someone else
Petty Neighbors... How to Make Them Stop/Get Back at Them
I (20F) want to break up with my fiancé (21M) but I don’t want to hurt him
I’m (16M) worried about my friend (16M)
Me,F (22), and my boyfriend, M (23) arguing about whether I really care about him or not?
Depression in my relationship and now...the dreaded dead bedroom. Advice. Does she still love me?
taking sex away, how do you create a bond for longevity?
Husband makes me do blowjob
My (F28) husband (M28) has lost all interest in sex.
I (21f) am not sure if I’m still in love with partner (21m) or if I’m staying bc I’m depressed and it’s comfortable
My (35/F) best friend (35/F) has been dating my ex-fiancé (35/M) from less than a year ago in secret, for months, possibly longer.
My 26[m] roommate is worrying me.
My (26f) fiance (27m) isn't sticking to his promises to do better.
My(25)F husband (28) has no interest in sex.
How to move on from someone you thought you would marry 22f
My best friend just told me that he’s in love with me
I [25F] went on a great date with someone [28M] I really connected with last night. I had another date scheduled with someone else for tonight. But I want to reschedule/cancel. Is this a bad idea?
Girls, what puts you off from a guy? Which qualities do you want to see in a guy?
Me [26 M] with my girlfriend [25 F] 3 months, going through anxious period, not sure if she is pulling away, or I'm reading too much into things.
What are the 3 nicest things your SO has ever done/said to you, and the “meanest” 3 things? I think it would be cool to see examples of the highs and lows in other people’s relationships.
My [29m] old friend[20m] keeps contacting me under weird circumstances
Seeing best friends sister
My[M19] ex-FWB [F19] thought I was touching myself while we talked. I wasn't.
Snooping on your significant asshole's device. A PSA of sorts. Not sorry, not even a little.
Difficulty having romantic feelings
Dating best friends sister, number of red flags. What should I do.
A girl I know [24F] is being cheated on by her boyfriend [23M] with my friend [22F]. Do I tell the girlfriend?
How to get fucking over this 22f
My [F21] girlfriend [F26] of one month sent me a strange video. Red flag?
How do you talk about your feelings with someone when neither of you wants to
Is a Break a Breakup?
A girl I know [23F] is being cheated on by her boyfriend [22M] who is sleeping with my friend [21F]. Do I tell her?
What do you think about the "relationship escalator" concept?
How should I [24F] help my friend [24F] deal with her cheating husband [26M]?
My (25f) husband (28m) told me he was done last week. Already has papers.
Scared to break up with my depressed girlfriend.
My (25M) ex gf (21F) of 1.5 weeks keeps messaging me, but has been going on dates with another guy
My (26F) boyfriend (28M) canceled a counseling appointment last minute. How do I handle the situation?
My [30F] best friend [29F] has started to become pretentious, narcissistic and frankly, a bit boring.
My[22m] girlfriend[21f] is out of my league and it affects our relationship.
Is it too late to say sorry?
Risking a friendship for a guy
Should I [21F] break up with my boyfriend [24M] because I don't feel sure of/passionate about how our relationship will end?
Getting back in there!
Are affairs a bad thing?
I really don't know how to feel about this...
I [19F] like my therapist [40/50?F] well enough but I don't feel like I can tell her everything.
Brother blows up after my Dad expresses concern for his Grandkids
Scared to break up with my girlfriend because of suicidal tendencies
I [18F] caught feelings for friend [19M] who has a girlfriend [19F].
My (21M) ex-girlfriend (22F) was hurt by our break-up recently and she's indecisive about whether to get back together or not
I [19F] like my therapist [40s?F] well enough but don't feel like I can tell her everything.
20 F and have been working full time since I was 14 and could use some direction
My friend (27M) has been becoming increasingly hostile towards his girlfriend (25F) who is also a good friend of mine. Should I tell her about the things he says to me when she's not around?
I [29F] am struggling to deal with relationship pressure from friends.
Ex gf broke up with me about a week ago, and has made out with someone else
How To Estrange Yourself From Family [20's to 50's]? I [24F] decided I want to cut ties
I [M18] am interested in this girl [F19] in my writing class but I'm not sure if she's interested in boys or not
I [29F] struggling to deal with pressure on my relationship from friends.
I [27F] feel guilty about wanting to move on from, and cut out, my ex [27M]
20 F and have been working full time since I was 14 and could use some direction
I cant understand what to do
Help finding compromise for my hobbies m25 and gf 20
I’m in love with a girl over internet that I can’t met because she is 8800 km away and I’m just 16.Any advices that I should continue tallking to her?
My (23f) boyfriend (27m) of 2 years won't communicate with me since I got ill
My (32F) brother (27M) got married suddenly and cut contact with family
I'm (26M) considering a long distance relationship with my best friend (27F), we've known each other since grade school, ~13 years. We've hung out plenty over the years and I've only grown more fond of her, and I feel that she thinks the same. Whatcha think about starting an LDR with a longtime BFF?
My [27 F] husband [31 M] of one month, together for 3 years, has been pursuing/sexting another woman (an ex) for possibly over a year and I don't know what to do
[24M] My GF's [24F] social life and large group of close friends, makes me feel really inadequate about my own
My [22F] roommate's [23F] boyfriend [23M] is disruptive of shared living space
I [22f] feel less in love with bf [22m] after breaking up and getting back together
Help finding compromise for my hobbies between me m25 and gf f20
My girlfriend(24f) seems to be hiding me(28m) from her social life?
I [23F] just broke up with my boyfriend [29M] and I need to hear stories of how things get better and what I should do at this point
My (25F) boyfriend (25M) of 6 years dumped me out of the blue. Please help.
A friend [19M] asked me [21F] out, I said yes, but now I'm not so sure?
Am I (21F)wrong to want my boyfriend (25M) to come to my family Thanksgiving as well as his sisters’ (27F) Friendsgiving?
Roommate's Boyfriend Invading Space
Me (23F) and my boyfriend (23M) of 6 months, not sure if there's a problem of if I'm overthinking.
Childhood friend (22F) getting married to a toxic man (25M) and finding love in the wrong places TL;DR
I'm [24f] struggling to get over my boyfriend's [24m] negative behavior when we were at a pivotal point of our relationship. I want to feel the same way I felt about him before, but I'm not sure I can.
How do I (m28) help my girlfriend (f30) of 11 months deal with her abusive Asian parents?
Me 16M and my GF 16F just broke up, now I don’t know what to do due to threats and lies. HELP
(24F) went on my very first online date with (42M) what is the follow up protocol?
A friend [19M] asked me [21F] out on a date recently, I said yes, but now I'm not so sure?
No time for my personal hobbies Help finding a compromise m25 and gf 20
I [25 M] moved to a new city a month ago, and the egos of the grad-school students around me are making me feel down.
How to maintain a healthy relationship with a depressed person?
Me [41F] with my sister [30F], she is a victim of domestic violence and I don't know what to do
A friend [M19] asked me [21F] out and I said yes, but now I'm not so sure?
My (32F) brother (27M) got married suddenly and cut contact with family
Bonding through trauma and emotional cheating
My [23f] girlfriend [22f] wants to be best friends with her ex [25f] and it makes me a little uncomfortable.
I regret a lot of things
Found my first love after many years. What should I do?
I'm an 18 year old girl and I've never been in a relationship, which kind of worries me. Advice?
Childhood friend (22F) getting married to a toxic man (25M) and finding love in the wrong places
Bonding through trauma and emotional cheating
Manipulative
I [26ftm] was abusive to my partner [27f] for 6 months of our relationship. I feel suicidal as a result of my actions.
I'm an 18 year old girl and I've never been in a relationship, and that kind of scares me.
Dating a depressed person
So me and my gf broke up
Tips to invite out a girl [18F] "I do not know".
When should I ask someone on Bumble BFF to hang out? How soon is too soon?
Bonding from trauma and emotional cheating
My [23f] girlfriend [22f] is planning to be best friends with her ex once she moves closer and though I trust her completely, it makes me uncomfortable.
BF stayed out all night without even texting me to let me know what was going on. Came home reeking of alcohol.
I think I (28F) have developed feelings for a married couple (31M and 31F) and I am not sure if I should open up with them about it or not.
Me [24 F] with my bf [27 M] of 3 years, I can't tell if our issues are really normal or total dealbreakers
I (17M) don’t know how to tell my friend (17F) that I want to distance my self from her for a while
How do I (30F) handle a falling out with my coworker/work best friend (45F)?
I (17M) don’t know how to tell my friend (17F) that I want some distance from her for a while
My [24M] best friend [23F] is dating an abusive man [33M]. Is there anything I can do to help her recognize this?
Tips to invite out a girl [18F] "I do not know".
[21 F] How I stop having nice dreams about my emotionally abusive ex?
My [27M] girlfriend [26F] of 2-ish months is talking about "getting bangs" at her hair styling appointment next week. I... strongly dislike bangs.
Childhood friend (22F) got married to a toxic man (25M) and is finding love in the wrong places.
Me [25M] with [24F], dating for 1 month. Unsure what to make of hot and cold texting?
Gf loves attention from other guys
My (23F) fiance (25M) told his sister she could move in with us, without running it by me.
gf cheating r/relationships
newly married couple, my wife [23F] and I [29M] (of 2 years of being together total) are having a host of problems
Am i wrong for being mad that my boyfriend came home reeking of alcohol after staying out all night without even letting me know he was going to?
My (23F) fiance (25M) told his sister she could move in with us, without running it by me
I (22M) am to scared to ask the girl (20F) out
My (33F) boyfriend (28M) is emotionally abusive after I "cheated" on him
Tips on how I (29M) approach a relationship with a woman (23F) who is recovering from a breakup?
I [30F] hooked up with my friend [38M], but I feel weird about it.
I [F29] started talking with my ex bf [31] again and he keeps bringing up old memories,why is he doing that?
My (18F) friends (22M) behavior.
Am I [20F] justified in being upset about my friend's [19F] opinions about looking for new experiences in university?
I (22M) am to scared to ask the girl (20F) out.
Is my (25F) best friend (24F) a bad friend or am I overreacting?
I (22M) am struggling to connect with a shy girl (20F) in complex circumstances. Please help.
I (18F) am curious about my friends behavior (22M)
My (34F) boyfriend (28M) is being emotionally abusive because I "cheated" on him
I [19] need help with being a bit of a white knight...?
Gf cheating?
I[19F] feel like I need to break up with my boyfriend[19M] of only three weeks, but I’m scared I will lose my friends and my mental health will suffer
My husband (33M) and I (35F) still haven’t had sex and it’s destroying our relationship
Broach Dog Issues with Boyfriend
My (34F) mother (62F) is asking for a close relationship when I've accepted things for what they are
My work friend (25F) is fucking her intern (23M)
I [19] need help with being a bit of a white knight...?
Girlfriend (F43] won't introduce me [M47] to her social network
My [M22] Girlfriend [F19] is too strict/controlling
How to get over an obsessive/intense crush?
How did you tell your boyfriend/girlfriend about new genital wart diagnosis?
My (24F) crush (24M) is seeing someone
My(27M) co-worker(35F) keeps touching me
My (62F) friend (55F) got divorced ten years ago and still isn't over it.
Girlfriend (F43] won't introduce me [M47] to her social network
Am I wrong
My [M22] Girlfriend [F19] is too strict/controlling
My friend at work (25F) is fucking her intern (23M)
25f with 28m, 5 months, was this a bad way to end things?
My (62F) friend (55F) got divorced a decade ago and still isn't over it.
My [M22] Girlfriend [F19] is too strict/controlling
am I wrong for this
But I'm too young
Gotta talk about our feelings and stuff we don't like
Can't tell if my [22F] relationship with [26M] is healthy or over or fine or what.
Girlfriend (F20) decided to go celibate after 4 years without consulting me (M21)
Is this an appropriate apology to my professor?
Staying friends with his ex because of dogs -normal?
My(27M) co-worker(35F) keeps touching me
Am I[23M] being unreasonable to be a little salty about the girl[22F] I’m meeting for the first time about who she talked to?
My 24 [GF] texted a guy this past week right before I plan to propose, and I [27M] am worried if this I'm making a big deal out of this.
My (24F) dad (45M) keeps in close contact with my emotionally abusive ex husband (24M)
Is my [25F] mom [53F] a bit of a narcissist?
I (22F) am conflicted about relationship with ex (22M). Is it truly possibly to get past resentment and trust issues?
My [23f] boyfriend [27m] is jealous of my programming study buddy [23m] for no reason
Being friends with an ex because of dogs - valid or excuse?
I [28 M] am tired of being friends with my childhood best friend [27 M]. But all our parents are still BFFs and I can’t phase out.
Co-worker played sneaky corporate games to become our new boss. How do I sever ties with this evil woman?
I'm [21F] inlove with a man double my age
My [34m] girlfriend [19f] acts very immature when angry
We started talking again with my ex [M31]and he keeps reminiscing with me [F29]
I need help with a MAJOR life decision - career vs relationship
I [21F] just discovered my long distance BF [23M] has been using Tinder while we have been on a break
Why does my ex boyfriend keep reminiscing with me?
Does she still care?
I need help with a MAJOR life decision - career vs relationship
I (42M) just found out that my fiancée (40F) has a sexual relationship with her blood nephew.
Talking again with your ex
My [32 M] girlfriend [23/F] violated my privacy and proceeded to shame me for the material she found on my private cellular phone
My girlfriend cheated and I don't know how to approach the situation
23 (f) went back to relationship that I felt was abusive and not sure if/how I should leave again
Elite escort sites destroying family
My girlfriend cheated and I don't know how to approach the situation
My (21F) boyfriend (21M) of nearly 2 years cheated on me a month ago and I recently found out. I plan to forgive him and stay together. Any advice?
Is this an appropriate way to apologize to a professor for a slight disrespect?
Should I(27m) stop contacting her(27f)?
no attraction
I (27m) constantly have thoughts of ending my relationship when apart from gf (24f)
Does she (18 F) still have feelings for me (18 M) ? What is she thinking and what should I do?
My Girlfriend Is Cheating And I Don't Know How To Approach The Situation
What should i (21 F) do about my (22 F) friend living with me?
25/F Widowed, confused, having relationship troubles
Am I overreacting? I (F24) fell asleep on the couch last night and he (M22) asks me if he has time for a beer before bed.
I [21F] can't tell if a Christian guy [21F] is interested or not.
To all the 22 year olds, would you be with a 16 year old if she was mentally mature? Why or why not?
My [19f] girlfriend of 2 months said I [21m] basically was the same as another guy in bed and my feelings are really hurt. Am I wrong for feeling this way?
My GF (24)won’t let me (22) sleep at my own place on the weekdays when I have work at 8pm the next morning.
Have an anxious preoccupied friend (24M) that made me (23M) his attachment figure. The friendship has become really toxic.
I [17M] like a girl [17F] I have never met in person. I need advice on what to do.
Kind of making a poll.
My (23/f) boyfriend (23/m) has a problem with porn?
I can’t take a blow Job properly
Spouse and I (32) dealing with an intrusive child relative (13) and their unhelpful parents
My [23 M] girlfriend [22 F] has some strange ideas about sex. How should I approach a talk about it?
My boyfriend [25M] and I [24F] are ready to have the talk about kids. How do I go about it?
I (m23) had an awkward moment with co worker (f23). Should I confront her about it?
Good lord, I'm jealous of my partner's cat (or a sign that we have deeper issues)
Dealing with resentment about an immature partner (25m/27gq)
I (25M) am having issues with my girlfriend (30F) of just over a year
My SO (23M) and I (21F) have been dating for a few months now (just starting to get serious) and I’m freaking out because I don’t know what to get them for Christmas! HELP!
Newly engaged [33M] infatuated with a married colleague I have recently begun managing [28F], crush exacerbated by "on the road" consulting lifestyle
Im (26f) worried my partner (22m) is too young for me. He calls his mother everyday and is spending his birthday shopping with her is this normal?
[deleted by user]
Me [20M] with my girlfriend [20F] of 4 months I get irrationally upset when she does things she could do with me alone.
My SO (23M) and me (21F) have been dating for about 3-4 months and now I’m freaking out because Christmas is next month and I don’t know what to get them.
First proper date after a long time
Would you ever be able to get back together with someone took advantage of you sexually on 2 occasions, if you did something bad too?
my boyfriend cheats.... on our college exams.
My (21/F) husband (20/M) refuses to confront my MIL about issues I feel are extremely important, and that are starting to affect our dog and lifestyle.
My (26f) boyfriend (22m) calls his mother everyday. Is this normal?
Should I [25/f] tell my bf [26/m] how much I make?
I'm (21f) living my life around my boyfriends (26m) video game addiction.
The time I fell for a man twice my age.
Have you ever broken your own heart?
First proper date after a long time
My boyfriend [20M] is a cheater, but on tests??
How to cope with mentally illed grandma (80)
I (21m) want to ask out this girl
Girlfriend suddenly isn't feeling "touchy"
My (28f) boyfriend (32m) is going on a trip I got uninvited to.
My (20F) GF (20F) has some mental issues and I don't know how to handle it.
[UK] I (18/m) met a girl on tinder that lied about her age (actually 15/f)... what do
[22 M] [21 M/F] 1 day, question if this is a good or bad sign; (I know this is a Tinder question, I already posted in r/Tinder but nothing so far, trying to see if this is a good or bad sign)
If you're not arguing in your marriage, you could be headed for a breakup...
Hooked up with my coworker now idk
Me(16 F) and my close friend (16 M) like each other but we don't want a relationship
My boyfriend (M16) hates himself and it’s effecting my (F15) mental state
Me (<30M) dating a co-worker (<30F)
So many issues with my [28] long distance boyfriend [29] and his possible cheating. Desperate for advice
Me (42/M) had a successful vasectomy. Wife (36/F) is pregnant. Requesting help - with vasectomy timeline and other stuff.
Ldr partner keeps lying about what he's doing, but I only know because I've been cyberstalking him
I [17M] trusted a friend [17M] with a bottle of wine and his dad drank it. Should I ask for reimboursement?
Boyfriend(30M) told me(22F) he was lonely
Me (31M) unsure if I can trust new partner (30F)
Dealing with a heartbreak
Have you ever thought about serious relationships as settling/giving up ?
Was I (25F) overreacting by going out at 1 AM to search for my boyfriend (28M) of 3 years.
I [17M] trusted a friend [17M] with a bottle of wine and his dad drank it. Should I ask for reimboursement?
Me (31M) unsure if I can trust new partner (30F)
How do I force myself to stop thinking about how I was treated 22f
Dealing with a heartbreak
I trusted my friend with a bottle of wine and hid dad drank it. Should I ask for reimboursement?
I'm suddenly being cornered and given endless ultimatums. Advice?
Maybe you can talk some sense into me(36F)
Should I carry on sleeping around on my husband?
Am I overreacting? I (F24) fell asleep on the couch last night and he (M22) asks me if he has time for a beer before bed.
Should I [F, 22] date someone [M, 22] who has tried heroin?
My mother destroyed my (F22) self esteem and I don't know how to live anymore.
(25M) I and (26F) split after 5.5 years, now unsure if it was right
My [F23] feelings of jealousy are eating me up inside!
Should I [22] date a guy [22] who has tried heroin?
I'm not sure how to take it when my bf jokingly insults me and knows I'm not happy with it.
My friend(M/25) told me(F/26) that he'd date me but he needs to settle down first and I have no idea why he's telling me this
My (31F) boyfriend (28M) has a group of casual friends that he doesn't seem to enjoy meeting. He seemed offended when I suggested we don't meet them this weekend. I feel like he is unhappy with his social life (or lack thereof).
My [27F] relationship has changed with [24M] and I'm kind of scared
My [22M] girlfriends [22F] father makes jokes that I don't really appreciate
My [22m] ex [20f] wanted to have a break last week, so I ended it, but she keeps contacting me even though I said no contact.
Is it normal that my (21M) past feels like a dream?
Am i(F21) being unfair to bf(M20) by also seeing (M)friend that likes me?
(F20) I’m having a moral dilemma about my kinda-relationship with a girl.
I (24M) need ideas to bond with my older brother (34M)
[23/F] torn between casual dating, avoiding getting in too deep, and wanting to be exclusive.
My [22M] girlfriends [22F] father makes jokes that I don't really appreciate
A friend of mine(M/late 20s) told me(F/early 20s) that he'd date me but wants to settle down first
I (31M) need an outside perspective regarding my (25F) GF. 9 months of shame and blame
[19M] unsure about the behaviour of the girl I’m seeing [17F]
23/F torn between the dating world, getting hurt and committing to one person
Spouse and I (both 32) seeking advice dealing with intrusive child relative and their parents.
[deleted by user]
[22M] How do I treat a friend [20F] who mistakes my kindness for affection?
My (23m) gf (21f) broke it off and seems to be moving on quickly. Happy for her but what do i do?
Should I (20/M) continue to worry about/apologize to my ex (21/F)?
Are some people just destined to be alone?
My[22M] SO[21F] have been together for a year and she's having trust issues when asked for sexy pics.
I M(22) am still hung up on ex F(21)
My (28M) LDR with 24F doesn't seem to be working and I don't know what to do.
My [21M] girlfriend [22F] of one year feels guilty and doesn't want to do sexual acts anymore
My [25/F] best friend [25/F] has a terrible self-esteem and it's affecting our friendship
My (28M) long distance relationship with 24F doesn't seem to be working
I (36m) have fallen out of love with the mother of my 8 month old daughter (39f) and in love with co-worker/friend (33f)
[UPDATE] My(27F) FWB(26M) wants to be exclusive sexually but doesn't want to date
I (26M) was approached and told by my friend (20F) that she likes me but doesn't want to risk the friendship.
Should i (f22) tell my boyfriend (m28) about my debt and how?
Advice for a 16-year-old? (M)
My (28F) sister (42F) ruined my relationship with food and I don't want her to do the same to her kids (5M, 3F).
Should I carry on sleeping around on my husband who makes no effort to connect with me or initiate any passion?
I [21F] just discovered my long distance BF [23M] has been using Tinder while we have been on a break
Help!!!!!
4 long years later, still daily flashbacks about my ex!
I (25M) have been in a relationship (24f) for about 2 years and 8 months and my partner and I never had sex and it's bet to me
4 long years later, still cannot get over my ex!
3 years of friendship later, and I still like him as much as day 1.
I (F20) finally had my first kiss but I felt nothing afterwards nor during. No tummy flips or even nervousness. I’m attracted to the guy (20M) so why did I have this reaction?
Hi [25f] really like this guy [23m] and we spend a lot of time together, what does this all mean? Am i just wasting my time?
Recently [24 M] out of a long term relationship. Interested in something with [24 F] a girl I recently got back in touch with but I feel like I'm playing catch up. I just don't know how to make something happen naturally
My [22F] boyfriend [23M] just went off on me over text. He’s never acted like this before and I’m already stressed out enough
4 long years later, still cannot get over my ex!
Coming out as religious, [21F]
I [21F] think my boyfriend [22M] of 6 years is actually an asexual but I will feel horrible to leave him
I (25M) am having lots of issues with my girlfriend (30F)
My (22/F) boyfriend (22/M) treats me so perfect, he treats me like a queen. My last relationship though left me feeling highly insecure and with deep trust issues. What are a few anxiety reducing techniques?
I feel my girlfriend may be losing interest
My (21F) girlfriend (26F) has a serious alcohol problem, and I don't know how to deal with it
I [M29] feel hurt by the way my gf [F29] is treating me. Am I in the wrong?
My [22F] boyfriend [22M] just insulted me over text and I don’t know what to do. I’m stressed out enough already
Me[23F] with my Fiance[20M], feeling unwanted [1.5yrs]
My (21F) girlfriend (26F) has a serious alcohol problem, and I don't know how to deal with it
Constructive Breakup: why do people do it?
[m21] - my girlfriend [f19] broke up with me, doesn’t want me to tell my family
How do I [30F] get men to leave me alone when I'm in public?
What is the next move?
Boost your btc with cryptotab
How can I (18M) create space with my ex gf (18F)?
How do I [30F] get people to leave me alone in public?
My [18m] girlfriend [18f] has been lying about me behind my back
My friends think my boyfriend and I are incompatible and I think they are right... But I can't let go
How can I (18M) create space with my ex gf (18F)?
4yrs and a possible marriage. Full slut mode, and now I'm considering suicide what would you do.
What is the next move?
I (25m) want to get a not-so-creepy gift for my crush/s.o. (21f) but we haven't met irl
Potential boyfriend (19M) heavily associated with his ex (17F) and I (19F) am annoyed
My (30F) best friend (29F) just told me she was done with our friendship and I am devastated.
I want to get my (25m) crush (21f) a gift, but she lives across the country and we've never met irl.
I [25M] just found a porn video of my ex-gf [35F] online - should I let her know?
30F with very little dating experience, should I look for a FWB?
Ever since I (22F) started dating my boyfriend (23M) I've felt less and less attracted to him
Lied about some grades to family and friends not sure how to fix it [M19]
Girl (25F) dating me (26M), got drunk and slept with someone else. Not sure what I think.
My (24f) boyfriend (25m) “invited” me to meet his parents for Thanksgiving, text convo included
Should I tell my boyfriend I talked to a guy when we were broken up?
My (24M) ex girlfriend (21F) slept with my best friend, but still wants to get back together.
Should I (M18) stop dating my girlfriend (F18)?
My (24f) boyfriend (25m) “invited” me to his family’s for Thanksgiving but i feel weird about it (text screenshots included)
Cant really put into words how crazy my [26M] little brother [23M], so heres some sweet sweet nectar of audio that helps prove hes a narracissitic gaslighter
I [26F] had an emotional affair on my boyfriend [28M] of 2 years and ended it with the other guy [28M]. Do I tell him?
My boyfriend (26M) wants to break up with me (23F) over my eating habits
My [19 M] ex [19 F] and I are in an unfavorable situation involving me visiting her house.
Am I being stupid????? [20f] [20m] Relationship - 1yr
Seeing clearly? I'm unsure
would you consider this progress for moving on? 22f
My (24M) ex-girlfriend (21F) slept with my best friend, but still wants to get back together.
My boyfriend wants to break up with me over my eating habits
Boyfriend [20M] rang me complaining no one wanted to see him on his birthday. He refuses to see me, should I [20F] just let go?
Me [23 M] with my now ex GF [21 F] of 2 years, lost without her.
Unsure
I [24 M] am in first relationship with my gf [24 F] of 5 months and have doubts
My [21 yo] cousin had a serious brain surgery and can't go out anymore, it might've taken a huge hit to his self-esteem.
Does my husband [27M] share my [25F] secret fetish?
My honest selfish
Is she sending signs?
Am I being stupid?????
I [25F] compared my boyfriend [29M] to my abusive ex [30M] and he left and won’t respond to my calls or texts. How bad did I mess up and how should I make amends?
My [28F] roommate [29F] is being evicted due to her abusive boyfriend and I feel terrible
How do I (36F) talk to my friend who is a teacher (35F) about how some of her relationships with students looks from the outside?
M27 and F22, did i make the right choice or not? Please help
I (M 24) have trouble with women once they show interest.
He implied he is on the small side
I feel like my boyfriend [22 M] is being distant from me [21 F] and doesn’t really care about how we’re doing.
My (19M) gf (26F) makes spontaneous long distance road trip and Im suspicious there might be something more going on
(m27) and (f22) did i make the right choice or not? Please help
is communicating disappointment the same as complaining?
How did your meet your partner?
Me and my ex are acting like a couple again but we aren't together
I (25m) have issues trusting my girlfriend (30f)
Y
My friend (m, 29) is upset with me (f,26) for cancelling "plans."
Fell in love all over again.
Should I️ be concerned that my boyfriend (31M) follows private porn women accounts on Instagram?
Does me [24M] and my Gf [22F] have a chance still to salvage our 4 year relationship? Relationship was left in limbo for too long
My friend (m, 29) is upset with me (f, 26) for bailing on "plans."
Should I️ be concerned that my boyfriend (31M) follows private porn women accounts on Instagram?
Does Me [24M] and my GF [22 F] of 4 years have a relationship that can work still? Breakup story
My (30/f) fiancee (34/m) thinks we should split cost of living down the middle now that we both have jobs. I paid for everything the last 2 1/2 years!
I (25f) found out I have HPV and it’s affecting intimacy with my bf (25m)
Who do should I believe?
What can I do? [My GF 19 F] [Me 19 M]
My (30/f) fiancee (34/m) belives we should split the cost of living exactly down the middle now that we both have jobs again...
My (32F) husband (42m) keeps getting in really late and disrupting my sleep. Looking for support and ideas.
My [30 M] girlfriend [23/F] violated my privacy and proceeded to shame me for the material she found on my private cellular phone
I [M21] would like to get into a closer relationship with a friend [F20] from a university club. I have never had a close or intimate relationship with anyone.
My [21m] mom [50f] has no regard for her own well being and I dont know what to do.
Only motivated at work when I’m sexually attracted to someone in the office
Wife [f29] studying abroad, I’m [m32] not coping great.
I can’t handle the fake illnesses anymore
Been fighting a lot so wife [24F] and I [25M] found a couples counselor who's also her mom's best friend. Feel like the "therapy" is hugely biased but wife now using it as excuse to blame me for everything.
I (20s/M) need advicd regarding the girl (20s/F) im seeing and her iphone
My husband (42M) keeps staying out late till 5am. It’s disrupting my (32F) sleep.
How to deal with parents dating an older guy? [24 f / 44 m]
Does my coworker (21M) like me (19F)?
Struggling to maintain friendship with ex
Driven up the wall by whataboutism, sarcasm, deflection and flipping.
My (26f) girlfriend (24f) won’t seek help
Need advice regarding myself (M/20s) & the girl (F/20s) that im seeing and her iphone
GHẾ NẰM TẮM NẮNG NHỰA GIẢ MÂY
Feel driven up the wall by sarcasm, whataboutism, deflection and flipping.
Need advice regardinf girl im seeimg and her iphone
Should I block him completely? 22f
I (22 M) like this girl (22 F), but she has a boyfriend. I'm just putting my emotions here for the sake of my sanity
My girlfriend's "best friend" is a horrible influence on her
I [M25] feel detached in my 7-year relationship with me GF [F24] and don't know what to do.
I [28F] feel like my boyfriend [32M] is slowing things down but he won't admit it
So I blocked him on messenger 22F
I (19M) cheated on my girlfriend (18F) of 2 years. How can I do damage control?
[F]eeling alone in my own long-term relationship
I (20F) Love him (21M) but am not "in-love" with him anymore
I [28F] feel like my boyfriend [32M] is slowing things down but he won't admit it
Think my (22M) ex (22F) is playing me. Any idea what's going on? If not is it appropriate to ask?
My girlfriend [25F] of 1.5 years won't tell me the gender of a friend she wants to go on a weekend trip with. I [26M] don't know what to do.
I[20M] have trouble finding a girlfriend, but have no problems hooking up. I also misread girls badly at times possibly due to me having Aspergers.
Me [19M] and my girlfriend [19F] sometimes get into arguments when we play games.
Going to my (30f) bf’s(28 m) dad’s funeral, bf invited ex
My (22M) ex (22F) is messing with my head. Any idea what's going on?
Relationship Advice Needed
I (22M) have been casually seeing someone (25F) for a while, but am unsure how to move forward with our relationship
My (26F) girlfriend (24F) won’t seek help
My gf[22f] had hooked up with her best friends a few years ago and another a few months ago and is still best friends with them.
I am a 16 year old who needs love
My (25F) Gf (25M) of 2 years feel angry over i meeting a female friend after a breakup
My (24M) gf (23F) is bi and isn’t sure how to deal with her feelings. Any advice for a straight guy dating a bi girl?
My (20F) now ex-boyfriend (25M) admitted to getting me pregnant on purpose to continue mooching off me..
How the fuck do i move on 22f
40 somethings
What can I (15m) do about my family?
Me [45F] with my husband [49 M] married 15 yrs he blames me for our children's mental health problems
How do I (18 M) handle having feelings for two girls at the same time?
Me [29 F] with my roommate/friend [30 F] Bad argument with roommate, need advice on a way to smooth things over
Arguments and disagreements are never properly resolved.
The Biggest L I've Ever Taken In My Life.
Husband (M30) keeps threatening that he will hurt himself if I (F30) leave him.
Bf [18m] not putting as much effort as before
I [19F] am worried about my boyfriend [19M] (of 3 years) shutting me out after losing his mother
Bad blood with roommate and how to deal
[23F] said something extremely offensive and said I was being a bitch because I called her out
[F26] [M26] living together & dating for a couple years, been on & off for several before TYPICAL BS
Me [45F] with my husband[49 M] 15 yrs married, he blames me for our kid's mental health issues
I'm (27M) on a break with my boyfriend (40M) I have mixed feelings. Things weren't going well.
I (F28) have PTSD and other disabilities and I don't understand what my partner (M28) is going through
Help
How do I tell the family I nanny for that their son got my daughter pregnant
I [19F] am worried about my Boyfriend [19M] (of 3 years) shutting me out after losing his mother
I (18F) have a hard time when my boyfriend (21M) takes a long time to respond to texts.
CỘT LỌC CÁT HỒ BƠI
How do I tell my nanny family their son got my daughter pregnant
I (18F) have a hard time when my boyfriend (21M) takes a very long time to respond to my texts or doesn’t respond at all.
Double standards -
I'm considering ending a 2 year long relationship between me (M18) and my best friend (M18)
I'm 17M, she's 17F, I'm an introvert, she, the opposite
21F thinking about guy that’s not her bf
I [25F] just started a new job and a fellow newbie [25M] is making me uncomfortable
How do I tell family I nanny for that their son got my daughter pregnant
My (38m) says she's (38f) leaving me because of a stupid mistake and I can't fix it.
I [20F] am being pursued by a [21M] who is not getting the hint and starting to seem manipulative
My wife is depressed, it's getting more common, and I don't know what to do about it.
My boyfriends best friend isn’t friends with him anymore because of me....
I [M19] kissed a girl [F18] but I have a huge crush on her friend F[20] and want to ask her out, how should I?
I'm (M18) considering ending a relationship between me and one of my best friends (M18)
My girlfriend 21(F) has a boys name. I said that name during sex with my long term girlfriend 24(F) and now she thinks I 24(M) am gay. Any advice on how I should handle this situation?
My (F17) long distance BF (M23) may be dying or in bad condition, and I don't know how to react/be supportive.
Help
21F into man that’s not her boyfriend
Looking back
Finding strength in myself
I [17M] think I have a chance with my little sister’s friend [16F] but I need advice
I'm considering ending a relationship with one of my best friends, should I?
I [M19] Kissed a girl [F20] over the weekend then developed a huge crush on her friend F[20] and she was into me the whole time
I (18M) haven't ever been in a relationship, thinking that I would wait until I was older. But I met a girl (18F) who has made me rethink my decision, and I don't want to mess it up.
My (27/M) girlfriend (27/F) of one year is going to be working alongside a guy (29/M) she used to date, for the next couple of months, and I feel pretty weird about it.
Is there a (tactful) way to help someone see that their child most likely needs therapy?
Did I (21F) cross the line? (28M)
I [M21] kissed a girl [F18] and now have a huge crush on her friend [20]
I (18M) haven't ever been in a relationship, thinking I would wait until I was older. But now I met a girl (17F) who has made me rethink my decision, yet I don't know how to proceed.
Me [20 M] with my trans friend [20 F] I had my first time with her and my friends blocked and called me names.
She said she was seeing someone, but seemed like she did not want to tell me.
Help me escape this FWB for the love of Lucifer.
My 24(F) partner is mad because I(M25) would rather go to a video game convention with my friends who are actually gamers than her who isn’t even into gaming. Am I wrong?
True love never forgotten
My bad bitch 21(F) has a boys name. I said that name during sex with my gf 24(F) and now she thinks I 24(M) am gay. Any advice on how I should handle this situation?
Just received a series of messages from my[26F] BF[27M] of 6 month’s ex[30F] accusing him of being abusive and a con man.
(22F) Fed up with my roommates (30M) (23F) treatment of their dog
Cousin taking advantage of my love for her 4 month old baby. I watch him for free and she still treats me like a slave.
Forgiving cheating
i (25f) told my ex (27m) that i miss him, he didnt reply
I always want to embrace my BFs mistakes and understand him. That’s how I feel. My friends say I am too soft! I think my way is good and more people should try it?
I (18M) want to date my friend's (18M) current gf (16F)
[24M] I have serious issues and problems and I was wondering if it would be okay to tell my cousin them [25M]
So my girlfriend (27) is stressing over nursing school and I want to do something special for her.
What do i do?
Girl I talk to offended because I didn't believe she had a kid
People who ended a long term (5 years or more) relationship/marriage with kids involved. How did you find dating afterwards?
Just wanted to thank this subreddit for saving my 5 year relationship with my girlfriend
My (22F) little sister (9F) came out to me.
Boyfriend (19M) feels bored and not enjoyable in the relationship, how can I (21F)make it fun?
My (30s/F) husband (30s/M) of 7 years just humiliated me by asking our work for charity we don't need
Am i over reacting?
What does it mean when someone asks your number but doesn't text or call you?
I (24M) need help on how to deal with my sister (20f) going through a breakup
Should I (22/F) stop contacting this guy(28/M)?
My (30s/F) husband (30s/M) of 7 years just humiliated me by asking our work for charity we don't need
I [25M] got back together with my ex [23F] who lives overseas. She's coming to visit me and I'm having second thoughts about it
Me (25f) and new girlfriend (30f) moving too fast?
I (25M) am having issues with my girlfriend (30F) of over a year
Long-distance girlfriend feeling insecure about our relationship. Help? 48M, 33F
Should I [20F] snitch on my sister [17F]?
Girlfriend (26F) doesn't trust me (28M) after lying about past
Should I [20F] snitch on my sister [17F]?
Brainwashed
Boyfriend (19M) feels stressful every time I (21F) said I love him
A girl [16F] has been bothering me [17M] for the past month and is now starting to threaten me and my new relationship
Am I in the wrong?
My (26F) boyfriend (29M) is mad I didn't make his birthday special and I don't know if hes overreacting or if I really messed up.
A girl [16F] has been bothering me [17M] for the past month and is now starting to threaten me and my new relationship
Husband (20’sM) added co worker (20’sF) on Facebook and didn’t tell me.
Give me [22m] advice about whether I shouldn't or should stay with my girlfriend [21f]
Last day in the office (26m)
I have ghosted my ex fiance / ex best friend
How/when do I [24F] tell my parents I’m going home with my BF [26M] for Christmas?
I (23F) started dating my best friend (27M) but have yet to feel sexual attraction towards him.
How to be friends when you used to date
Give me [22m] advice about whether I shouldn't or should stay with my girlfriend [21f]
My (21 f) bestfriend (26 m) said this on my birthday
When is it time to break up/When is it time to be patient and not give up?
TL;DR High-school Dating Age Gap
What’s wrong with me?
I (23F) recently started dating one of my best friends (27M) but I have yet to feel sexual attraction
My bf (25/m) is angry with me (22/f) for “invading his personal space” by stopping at his apartment while he wasn’t home to retrieve something of my own.
The man (22 m) I (24 f) am seeing feels confused about us and this makes me anxious.
My (22F) dad (51M) lost a local election last night. How can I help him feel better and let him know how proud I am he even tried?
Women of reddit, do you find yourselves taking a little longer than the person you’re dating to figure out your feelings towards them often?
My girlfriend (27) feels as though I (27m) have betrayed her trust
In a relationship (23M) and girlfriend (23F) think it’s turning toxic not sure what to do
My [19F] girlfriend [19F] and I bicker and feel bad about it, and keep getting upset that it keeps happening.
Why are mentally ill people generally toxic people to date?
TL;DR Highschool Dating Age Gap
Women of reddit, how often do you find yourselves taking longer than the person you’re dating to figure out your feelings towards them?
My [18f] ex [18m] treats me horribly now, I can't understand why, how do I comprehend and deal with it?
Why are most mentally ill people toxic to date?
Friend of a Friend and My Girlfriend.
How the fuck do i move on 22f
My boyfriend (21) has a fake Instagram account to follow girls he knows on, how do I handle this?
Highschool Dating Age Gap
Is my boyfriend manipulative? Or am I as socially inept as I think I am?
I'm (26F) currently not speaking with my roommate/former best friend (24M) because of his actions as a roommate and friend.
Senior in Highschool Dating a Freshman in Highschool
International (not long-distance) relationship: me (26F, American) and my girlfriend (33F, Mexican) are trying to figure out how to be together long-term.
There is a female(f20s) that draws my fiance in a dating environment. What to do?
Should I [22f] reach out to [24m] who may be trying to ghost?
My partner (30F) and I (26F) eloped last week and decided to keep it a secret until our big wedding next year; now I feel bad lying to my friends
New Friend?
My [19 M] girlfriend [19 F] of 2 years is getting me a supposedly expensive gift for our "anniversary", and IDK how to feel about it.
Why men leave women who do everything “right”
Bonding ideas?
I hooked up with my therapist
Worst mistake of my life!!! Help!
Need help with Depressed/Negative Husband
Should I [22f] reach out to this guy [24m] who might be trying to ghost me?
Acclimating to changing people
Relationship gone wrong
My girlfriend won't introduce me to her parents [25m/24f]
boyfriend hanging out alone with another girl??
My girlfriend (22) is denying to her homophobic parents that she’s dating someone
Could it be possible my crush is not over his ex girlfriend?
Am I unbearable or what ?
Am I doing the right thing? (more of a vent but feedback is highly encouraged)
Me (20m) likes a girl (18f) very much but im saying the wrong things that upset her, although i mean something different.
Dumped and left broken 22f
I [21F] broke up with my perfect boyfriend [22M] and am having second thoughts.
I (18F) am feeling unhappy with my boyfriend (18M) but I can't bear the thought of breaking up
Is it possible my crush is not over his ex girlfriend?
The best way to separate from my (26) incredibly judgemental and negative friend (34)?
My girlfriend [30/F] acts really distant towards me [26/M]
I think I’m in love with my friend
Would it be insulting to buy my [F21] boyfriend [M20] a gym membership for his birthday?
my girlfriend [18] and i [18] went on a break before college and got back together after a month. she kissed someone else on that break and i can’t get over it despite being back together with her
I [19M] met a girl [20F] who seems really interested, but I don't know what to do.
(23f) deeply disturbed by partners (25m) anal fetish
[Update] My sister [18] is secretly cheating her BF[20] Who's one of my best friends: not sure whether I should tell him about it.
I [24F] wasn't invited to my friends birthday party but all of my other friends were
Would it be rude or insulting if I [F21] purchased a gym membership for my boyfriend [M20] for his birthday?
Just a quick question, not a lot of text.
Pregnant & Resenting BFF/Former Roommate
My [24M] Fiance' [24F] spent $330 on prescription meds without consulting me. She was going to join my benefits next week and it would have been covered. Am I irrational in feeling upset?
My [22f] very popular friend [24m] has done a number of bizarre things
my girlfriend [18] and i [18] went on a break before college and got back together after around a month or two. she kissed someone else on that break and i can’t get over it despite being back together with her
How do I move on from my ex, who is now dating my former friend?
Girl (17F) keeps acting hot and cold towards me (16M)
BF (25m) has kinks that are ruining my (23f) sanity
Should I (18F) tell my boyfriend (21M) that he hurts my feelings when he doesn't pay full attention to me?
I’m 18F and my boyfriend of 3 weeks, is 20M. I already want to tell him I love him, is this a bad idea?
Should I (25F) tell my husband (30M) he rarely gives me orgasms?
How to DTR while long distance with british dude
How did you move on from a bad break up? 22f
Urgent help please, i need an expert
Part of me [21M] knows my girlfriend of 3 years [20F] and I aren't good for each other right now, the other feels like we can work everything out in time. I'm not quite sure what to do.
Feeling (32f) lost and unloved on my marriage with (35m)
GF (18) of six months texted me (18M) she doesn't think we'll last another six
2 months into a new relationship and I’m on cloud nine
My Dog is dying and I dont want to tell my girlfriend
Advice appreciated
Boyfriend [28M] constantly accuses me [23F] of cheating
Should I (F) tell my boyfriend that he hurts my feelings when he doesn't pay full attention to me?
My [21M] girlfriend [20F] argued with me bacause I was sad for a suicide victim. Is she a narcisist?
Part of me [21M] knows my girlfriend of 3 years [20F] and I aren’t good for each other, the other part of me loves her and feels we can work everything out in time. I don’t know what to do.
DTR for long distance.
GF [25F] thinks I [24M] am controlling for not wanting her to be around a guy.
Does everyone lie to a certain degree in a relationship? Is there something like 100% pure honesty?
Does everyone lie to a certain degree in a relationship?
My Girlfriend [18F] and Ex Step-Dad [39M]
[22M], zero experience of ANY kind, unsure of where to start/how to start/what it even entails, feel as though times running out.
Is my [21M] girlfriend [20F] a narcissist?
GF (18) of six months texted me (18M) she doesn't think we'll last another six
Choice?
I [20F] have a problem with my boyfriend’s [23M] tattoo.
Me [30F] with my sister [34F] and BIL [34M], they're divorcing and I can't help but feel completely betrayed
My Girlfriend and Ex Step-dad
My [23F] Boyfriend [28M] hates my mother[55F]
Need a good horror movie to make her hold me close
Girlfriend (f19) having strange symptoms and its causing us stress
How to handle divorced grandparents after birth of first baby?
How do you deal with heartbreak?
My (28) F children's father (32M) Is trying to tell me, more my daughter, that I can not invite my partner (32M) to our kid's birthday parties.
Dumped and left broken 22f
Need a good horror movie to make her hold me close
How to handle divorced grandparents after first baby is born
My (32F) boyfriend (32M) is amazing at saying all of the "right" things to me but severely lacks follow through, taking the initiative, and is becoming more toxic just as I am ready to commit.
Being friends with someone you dated
Looking for a good horror movie to make her hold me me close
25f with 28m, 5 months, was this a bad way to end things?
I love this girl, she doesnt as much but...
[deleted by user]
[UPDATE] SO [M28] and I [F27] are having a recurring argument where he says something that “offends” me, I get defensive, then he calls me oversensitive.
Will I [20M]ever get over ex[20F]
Should I let my boyfriend (21m) on my (18f) phone?
I (20/M) went off on my mom (44/F) and now I regret it.
[deleted by user]
Am I allowed to keep my phone private?
Helping BF [27/M] (of 7 mos) deal with the death of his "big brother & big sister" "brother" [18/M]. What can I [26/F] do?
I (21F) am in love with my boyfriend (19M) but I won’t say it because I don’t think he feels the same way or just doesn’t know it.
Me (16/M) broke up with my girlfriend of 21 months (16/F) 3 months ago and she seems to be interested in getting with someone else. I am moving past the relationship and was doing well, but now I feel like I'm back at square one. Is it okay to feel this way and what should I do to counteract this?
My family has a problem with my current relationship. Am I in the wrong or are they being unreasonable?
How should I [28M] react when my sisters [21 F] are catcalled?
Am I (28M) A Bad Friend For Missing A Friend's (28M) Wedding Because Of My Wife (28F)?
Younger Sister(13) has already been in two relationships, where I've(20) haven't been in a single one.
Difficulties getting into a relationship [20s M]
I (21F) am in love with my boyfriend (19M) but I haven’t told him because I don’t think he loves me back.
Any of you ever dumped someone who was just not worth it at all, but then turned around and got back together with them when you saw they truly did their best to become a better version of themselves because of that?
My [33 M] GF [34 F] has been hanging out with a guy she knows from work but says things are completely platonic. Not sure if I am just being paranoid.
My (22F) best friend (20F) and her boyfriend (24M) are struggling financially because he isn't comfortable with her working at a place where she made enough for them to live comfortably, so she quit.
Settling for someone you're only partially attracted to
Difficulty getting into a relationship
Is my(25f) husband(23m) cheating/lying?
Me (16M), classmates and teacher vs. my twin sister (16F) - is she just attention seeking?
My (23F) boyfriend (27M) has feelings for another girl
My [25/M] girlfriend [21/F] went on an overseas intern, got drunk alone with a stranger and had to be picked up by her friends.
Buy parent's house and avoid relationship strain
My [25f] SO [27m] is inviting others of the opposite sex to spend the night.
I (22m) feel like my GF (23f) has feelings for our mutual DnD DM.
[29/F] My boyfriend is acting a little strange.
Does anyone have an experience they would like to share about ending a friendship?
Have you ever settled for someone you only partially liked?
I (19M) cheated on my girlfriend (18F) of 2 years. How can I do damage control?
My (23F) boyfriend (27M) has feelings for another girl
I [20f] am getting slightly annoyed and concerned about my boyfriend [19m]
My (27F) brothers (17m) think my dad (63M) is innocent of murdering our mother, and I am debating going no contact with them over it. They constantly argue with me over it, and spread lies that he is innocent to everyone.
Should I [23M] stay with my girlfriend [22F]
I (18f) feel like I’m taking more than I’m giving emotionally with my new (18m) boyfriend
GF [19F] is uncomfortable having sex with me because I'm "damaged."
My GF (15) of 10 months took a buzzfeed quiz about soulmates and my name (15M) wasn’t an option
Having trouble resolving issues between my girlfriend (19F) and me (19M)
My friends/coworkers will not stop ruthlessly making fun of another coworker and it’s making me very uncomfortable. Is it worth it say anything?
Beginning to get concerned about my [30 F] best friend's [29 F] relationship
[28F] Just got placed in the friend zone by my trainer after a month of whatever [26M]
I need help, I dont know what to do
Beginning to get genuinely concerned about my [30 F] best friend's [29 F] relationship
My Fiance (34M) and I (29F) are announcing our engagement over the holiday. Should I go spend thanksgiving with my sister (27F) who will otherwise be alone?
[21F] I blocked my ex on everything, he keeps harassing me a year later [22m]
Becoming genuinely concerned about my [30F] best friend's [29F] relationship
Having trouble resolving issues between my girlfriend (19F) and me (19M)
Becoming genuinely concerned about my [30F] best friend's [29F] relationship
I [22M] went to see my gf [28F] in a different country and now im worried how it would end.
Friend [23m] Hasn't Communicated With Me [24f] for Over a Month
I don't understand anything anymore I need help
Should I (25F) be there for and support a guy (24M) I've only been seeing for 4 months?
I (18f) feel like I’m taking more than I’m giving in my new relationship with my (18m) bf
Best friend (female, 23) might have a sudden manic episode. Any advice?
My boss [m35] either has a crush on me [f28] or is trying to manipulate me through flirting or I'm entirely imagining things.
I (F22) an uncomfortable with a girl from my boyfriends (M24) past
Me [30M] Deciding To Quit Masturbation Because Of Using Many People, Any Advice / Commentary?
Girl Cut Things Off Unexpectedly
Babysat for an Ethiopian woman, my family never new the customs and have always been worried we’re offending her.
My [20 f] Mom [50something f] owes me $600 from two months ago and I don't know how to open this can of worms
Have you ever came close to cheating, but decided not to do it?
My Boyfriend [20M] is studying abroad for 4 months [20F], should we stay together?
My(28m) girlfriend(32) looks at lesbian porn
How much porn is too much?
19M can't tell if I'm losing feelings for GF (19F)
I (28f) feel like sober friend (28m) took advantage when I was drunk, not sure what to think
My neighbors bush.. and my hubby
My [21M] girlfriend [21F] has low self esteem and I don't know how to go about it
My [24M] sister [15F] was being abused by our parents and I didn't notice for years. I feel like I failed her and struggle with guilt.
My [28M] girlfriend [27F] is frequently contacted by previous partners.
Asking (19m)my dad(40m) for money.
I [44M] am considering leaving my wife after revealing my financial success to her [44F]
Teenage Crisis Maybe?
Husband of 12 years told me I was loose while we were having sex, and then couldn't get or maintain his erection.
Scared my boyfriend (22M) will break up with me (20F) after we have sex for the first time
I have a big family but my GF (26) is not family-oriented....
Guy (M32) says that I'm (F30) being irrational
💯 facts
The more my girlfriend [21f] expresses her affection for me, at least verbally, the less I [21m] want to.
Ex (23f) kinda forced me (33m) to have sex...
Guy [26M] from Tinder I [25F] saw for a few months last year asks to "catch up" over dinner and drinks and I discover he's "seeing someone"
My ex (23f) kinda forced me (33m) to have sex... is this a common reaction?
My [27F] husband [28M] lied to me about our relationship and I don't know how to trust him again.
[deleted by user]
I have a guy friend that may or may not be my bf. He’s 34 and I’m 40.
Recap of my (25m) shitty year
Yeah hi... so how do I get a boyfriend ?!!
My (23F) ex is tagging me (21M) in social media 2 months after we broke up. Am I reading too much into this?
My [27f] husband [28m] isn't being honest with his feelings and I don't know what to do.
My (19 F) friends keep teasing me about dating older guys and it's getting uncomfortable
Asking my (19m) dad (40m) for money.
My [16] close friend [16] came out to me as bisexual
My (25M) first love (25F) broke up with me. Were issues major? I want her back.
Should I 30 [M] be curious about why my GF [22F] of 7 months did not get me anything for me birthday?
[deleted by user]
I hurt my lover. Please help!!
I (m 18) have two girls that like me (girl #1 is f 19, girl #2 is f 18)
Me [27 M] with my GF [24 M/F] of 2 years, she is getting fed up at my excuses and selfishness. I only realize when Im wrong in hindsight
Cut off my childhood bestfriend 3 years ago but I miss her and want to reach out. Not sure what to do? 29F/29F
(25M) Broke up with first love (25F) last week. Were these issues major? How do I get her back?
I (17M) broke up with my gf (18F) today.
My [25M] bf wont get tested and is getting mad when I [25F] ask him.
Opposites attract..
I need help with these 2 girls (f 19 is girl #1, girl #2 is f 18) i am (m 18)
[deleted by user]
I F(23) want to leave BF(27) because he doesn't want to be an adult. How do I share our daughter (5months)? Or do I even share her?
I hurt my lover. Need help!
Boyfriend [28M] goes out late and frequently texts female coworkers. I [28F] have major trust issues because of my past. Should I be concerned?
My (23f) ex-boyfriend (27m) of 3 years broke up with me last Thursday. it destroyed me because it was out of the blue. Now he says he misses me and made a huge mistake. Do I take him back? I love him so much but feel "kicked around" by him.
Girlfriend [F/22] changing up on me [M/24] because of hard times.
Should I (31M) tell my gf (30F) that I still hang out non-romantically with a girl I used to date?
I want to leave BF (27) but idk how to share our daughter (5months). He isn't on the birth certificate but I'm trying to allow my daughter to have her Dad...
Cut off my childhood bestfriend 3 years ago... thinking about contacting her. Not sure what to do?
Me [30F] with my partner [33M] of 10 years, could use some perspective on a situation
I [17 M] am dating a girl [17 F] and she acts strange (I think). Are these bad signs or what?
Boyfriend [28] goes out with female coworkers and frequently texts them. I [28 F] have major trust issues because of my past. Am I overreacting?
So this is depression
I need your help, very hurt and confused.
A girl (22,F) , keep on having rare coincidence with a guy (23,M)
Should I (31M) tell my gf (30F) that I still hang out non-romantically with a girl I used to date?
Ex Girlfriend told me she needs space but she keeps contacting me.
I [17 M] am dating a girl [17 F] and she acts strange (I think). Are these bad signs or what?
I (m/19) am too hesitant because i have the feeling she (m/19) is way out of my league
My Gf (31f) breakup with me (30-M) because she states that does not feel "certain things" with me (30m) and is not secure if it´s because me or a previous break-up of a long relation (5+ years)
My bf thinks my friend stole from her and I suspect she did too.
Love is in the small things
I (23f) am planning on going to my boyfriend's (22m) parents for thanksgiving. We've been dating for 6 months. I get horrendous flatulence every morning and I'm paranoid. Any advice or recommendations?
How to kindly tell my (F21) bf (M21) to wash down there?
She is way out of my league... what should i do?
I (23F) can’t cope with the fact that I’m a disappointment to my parents (late 40s).
I don't know what to do when my(24M) Boyfriend(26M) gets emotionally overwhelmed. How should I behave?
Am I over-reacting?
Long distance relationship
Girlfriend[18F] is scared that she will wake up one day wanting to try new things
My [39f] Grandma [80f] is having an affair with a married man [81m]
Should I (31M) tell my gf (30F) that I still hang out non-romantically with a girl I used to date?
I don't know what to do when my(24M) Boyfriend(26M) gets emotionally overwhelmed. How should I behave?
What do you think about a ldr? They haven’t met each other and they’re about 8975km away.
I [23 f] invited my college friends [Early 20s] to my family's rural home, and they were all pretty rude and judgemental
My (18f )ex girlfriend blocked me (19m) and my friends on most social media
I [19] get easily jealous over any men my girlfriend [20] compliments about
I [44M] am considering leaving my wife after revealing my financial success to her [44F]
Open relationship, doom or best thing ever for the relationship?
Girlfriend[17] scared she'll eventually want to try new things
I (33/M) have a growing resentment for my stepson (11/M)
My (26M) girlfriend (27F) reacted terrible to me skipping a night with her.
Do 'temporary breaks' work?
My cousin [23] says my ex boyfriend [40] harrassed her.
Me (25 f) questioning boyfriend (26 m) after one year of dating
I (16M) don't know where I'm at with a girl (16F). Also not sure about my male "competition".
I [26 M] have been talking to [22 F] two months, love being with her but am convinced she isn't trustworthy. I want to be with her and feel that I'm ignoring red flags.
Update re: my(43m) MIL(65) and how her dimentia is getting worse
Accused of stealing BF, should I feel guilty?
Best way to negotiate roommate(20sM), parent(60sM) who think they have any say in my life (20sF)?
1 year mark questions
Best Friend Break Up
I (28m) love soda. Partner (29m) of 3 years bugs me all the time that I need to eliminate or cut back. Is this any of his business?
I need help, I know what everyone is telling me to do but I don’t want to do it.
My friend [19F] gave me her cats [21F], wants them back, but I want to keep them
I (33M) work for anti-Semites and my wife (33F) and I are having conflict over how to proceed
[M 25] How does someone like me go about putting myself out there?
Just Matched My [23M] Ex [21F] On Tinder
Will this work?
I hate a narcissist
I know what I should do according to everyone else, but I can’t do it. Am I wrong?
Do you think it’s ok to contact my ex-girlfriend or is it time to let it go after all the things that happened between us?
How do I [24F] navigate wanting to see my family and my partner’s family on holidays when someone [30F] on my side guilts me for wanting to split the time?
I (22M) am at a loss with my girlfriend (27F)
Boyfriend (24m) shared something very personal of mine with his friends. Feel deceived
I think my bf(18) is molesting adopted sister(10) from China. Am I crazy?
I (33M) work for anti-Semites, and my wife (33F) wants me to quit my job.
Told boyfriend (24m) something personal, he told his friends. I’m at a loss
How can I (M22) get over unrequited love for a good friend (F22)?
I (30f) don’t want to speak at my son’s school on a Veterans Day assembly and my husband (30m) is basically calling me a bad mom.
Is it right to expect something of one person but not another?
25f with 28m 5 months, was this a bad way to end things?
My [M22] girlfriend [F20] of 3 years has been very distant and cold since she started studying abroad.
Me 37 F with my friend 40 M of one year, wondering if this is going to turn into something romantic, also questions about my ex, 52 M we were together 6 years broke up this month.
Will this work?
I (17M) need help deciding if I should stay friends with her or not.
Is it right to expect something of one person but not of another?
My ex-bestfriend
dating with depression
(23M) Infatuated with best friend's sister (21F), and I think she may feel the same way
Help me (32M) understand my wife (31F). She seems happy 90% of the time, but every so often would bring up how much she regrets staying with me in the past. So confusing and demoralizing.
Need advice
How do you get your ex (24M) to respect you? (24F)
I [28M] want to be happy being single forever.
I (23, M) have never in serious relationship, but I’d like to have one, any advice?
Need advice
My [20M] girlfriend [19f] went to talk with an aqquantance who had interest in her for comfort
My GF (21F) of almost 7 years just told me she doesn't feel sexually attracted to me (22M) anymore.
How do you get your ex (24M) to respect you? (24F)
Feeling like my workaholic perfectionist [F32] husband [32M] is a million miles away
My [28 M] GF [28 F] of 3 years told me that moving in with me is giving her anxiety, and she resents me some for making her move.
I [28M] want to be happy being single forever.
Fiance [22f] and I [22m] have never been in a fight
My [24 F] boyfriend [24 M] of 2 years always seems to have really big problems with things in his life and I can't help but experience second-hand stress all the time; how do I stop feeling so stressed about his problems?
Feeling like my workaholic husband is a million miles away
[M] 14 got rejected and i dont know what to do anymore...
How do you get an ex (24M) to respect you? (24F)
My [20f] girlfriend [18f] went to find comforting from an aqquaintance because of problems
I [f22] hooked up with someone on campus [m21] for a week, it didn’t work out. Now it’s awkward on campus and with our mutual friends. How can I make it not awkward? Can we be friends?
Does a break in a relationship ever end well?
My boyfriend (25/m) moved to be with me (26/f) and is now depressed af because of surroundings.
My Dad (50M) has Been Going Overboard with Conspiracies and it's driving Me (21M) Crazy.
I (17m) don’t know what to do about my SO (17f) because she wants to go out of state for college to live with her father.
Boyfriend (25) and I (23) need to talk about our sex life. I'm looking for advice to lead the conversation.
How do you get an ex to respect you?
I got rejected what should I do now?
Should I [20/M] see my first love [21/f] when she studies abroad close to where I'll be? She wants to see me.
Fake AF!!
Friend [23m] Hasn't Communicated With Me [24f] For Over a Month
My[19M] father[51?M] has always been controlling of me and my life, even in college. However, today in the morning he did something that might be considered going too far.
My Dad's Conspiracy Bullshit is Going Overboard
Am i being logical or heartless?
BF of 7 years can't hold a job. Is it time to let go?
My boyfriend (16M) doesn't have enough time for me (16F)
The Midterm has Caused a Rift Between my Roommate (20M) and I (20M)
In between the chairs
How can I tell if my boyfriend is shady or is I have trust issues?
I [22M] keep attracting depressed girls and girls with emotional issues?
Partner accuses neighbor of "faking" her screams in domestic violence. I am questioning his values and our future.
Boyfriend doesn't have enough time for me
Voting Day has Created a Rift Between Me and My Roommate
I (16M) can’t move on from a relationship that’s been over
What should I [23M] think of this person who’s ignored me?
Girlfriends (29F) really good friend (30M) buys expensive gift for her, How should I react?
I (16m) can’t recover from something i should be able to recover from relationship wise
I [29M] am currently rehearsing a play with my ex [37F] and I want to ask other co-star [25F] out but obvious issues
My boyfriend's problems stress me out
I (20m) don’t know what to do about my best friend (20f)
My boyfriend (25) hangs out with a girl (26) who likes him and he may like her too
Dating an inexperienced, but really great guy?! How do I give him advice without offending him?
My boyfriend (25) hangs out with girl (26) who likes him and he may like her too
An UPDATE to my boyfriend and I and our college aspirations
Is it okay to not want to hang out with your SF’s friends ?
I am a pathetic excuse for a man
I [M23] get tired of my girlfriend [F24] in a sudden
Boyfriend hangs out with girl who likes him and he may like her.
Any Good Conversation Starters?
My friend [22F] is constantly daydreaming and refusing to go out into the real world. It exhausts and bores me [20F] and I feel like she's wasting her life.
(29M) hanging out with my significant other’s (29F) friends.
My friend (18/f) won't end an emotionally abusive relationship with her boyfriend (21/m).
My friend [22F] is constantly daydreaming and refusing to go out into the real world, to the point where I [20F] feel like I have nothing to talk with her anymore.
I [F28] been receiving facebook messages that my BF [M28] is cheating with me
Me [22 M] with my Girlfriend [24 F] together for 1 year ,she has told me that she still gets emotional about her ex-boyfriend...
Friend is in an emotionally abusive relationship.
Girlfriend has told me that she still gets emotional about her ex-boyfriend...
Ungrateful ex husband
Need advice for my cousin (M25) and his girlfriend (F20)
Ungrateful ex husband
My SO seems to have had a drop in sex drive...
Straight (20 m) staying at a gay mates (25 m) place out of state for a few days.
I'm [21M] facing some complex issues with my long distance friend [20F]
I [22M] loves a [24F] who is in a relationship with [23M]. Two days ago she kicked me out of her life because her bf said so as a punishment for cheating.
Me [28 M] with my girlfriend [28 F] duration, accidentally hurt her while she was tickling me
What line should I draw on maintaining a friendship?
"You're just too sensitive" Am I really?
"You're just too sensitive" Am I really though?
I (26M) want to wear an engagement ring
What should I do with a recent diffence in sex drives...
My (25F) parents are affecting my relationship with (26M)
What am I feeling?
Was this "chicken breasts" comment inappropriate on my(30f) husband's(28m) instagram?
Am I [31F] wrong in wanting my friend [28F] to speak up against her abusive ex?
Accidentally hurt girlfriend while she was tickling me
I, (M 27) have never been in a relationship before. How do ya’ do it?
What am I feeling?
My boyfried(18M) recently made out with another girl at a party he doesn’t think I know about.
I [22M] is in love with a [24F] who is in a relationship with a [23M]. She has kicked me out of her life now.
Dumped and left broken 22f
Don't know how I (19 M) should make a move on my close friend (19 F)
I [48m] am married [53f] and totally infatuated with my workmate [39f]
M19 and F18. Politics in a relationship.
I [22/F] am apparently so bad at texting that I'm starting to lose friends over it. What do?
Meeting up with my ex girlfriend [22F] of 3 years in a few weeks because we both wanted to see each other but she suddenly kept postponing the date like she doesn't wanna meet even though she was the one that started the conversation.
My [22F] boyfriend [32M] doesn't treat me with respect because he feels like I owe him.
How do you deal with the silent treatment from your loved one?
My [24F] boyfriend [32M] is very disrespectful and holds a grudge against me for something that was his decision.
How does it feel to be loved?
My boyfriend (24) rarely wants sex with me (23F)
Dumped and left broken 22f
How does it feel like to be loved?
(M18) Is it better to be friends with someone you love or not?
My boyfriend (24) rarely wants to have sex with me (23F)
After almost twenty years of failed relationships I think I found the one. Why do I feel so alone?
Is this friendship worth maintaining?
Me (21M) and my gf (21F) lately have been growing apart.
(M18) Is it better to be friends with someone you love or not?
Me [26 M] seeing [21 F] 1/1.5 months, made myself anxious - Dating
Need Advice (M/35, F/30)
Boyfriend has been texting other girls..
How do you deal with a breakup when there's work to be done?
Dumped and left broken 22f
Need help...in a frnd grp of 3
How can I [22F] deal with a sleazy supervisor [35+M] that tries to use any opportunity to sleep with staff?
Wife whom I had elope with me has been making it hard to feel a connection with her.
A little help please
My (43M) daughter (16) caught me spying on my wife (41F) in the shower and I blackmailed her to keep it quiet. She blabbed about what I did and my wife is furious. How do I even begin to go about fixing this?
My (20F) boyfriend (27M) is texting other girls..
How to deal with a sneaky sleaze of a supervisor who isn't crossing boundaries?
A little help please
How do you deal with a breakup when there's work to be done?
[M23] Girlfriend [F21] hates when I work and it is becoming annoying. Help?
I (24M) continually struggle with relationships, intimate or not.
M(28) starting to see red flags from gf(34)
I (24M) continually struggle to form relationships, intimate or not.
I (25M) just dumped my true love (25F) because I wanted to set her free. Did I do the right thing?
M(28) starting to see red flags from gf (34)
Is it just me or are red flags starting to come up?
I think my friend [17 F] has a grudge against her friend [17 F] but she wont admit to it.
My [24M] friend[25F] who I've known for 3 years, living with me, how can I see if there is anything more?
Lots of issues with my (25m) girlfriend (30f) of 1 year
My [20M] boyfriend [24M] of 4,5 years ghosted me and I don’t know why or what to do
I can't get over my girlfriend's wild past
I Think I Was Emotionally Neglected As a Kid
Is it okay to accept a gift from an ex if its no strings attached?
My gf cheated on me with my best friend. Why did they do that?
My boyfriend (20m) really hurt my (20f) feelings and I can't seem to get over it
Does my boyfriend's sister hate me?
I (19F) am a massive virgin and worried about it
How do I forgive my gf for emotionally cheating?
I (22M) am having a hard time coping with my peers' successes, and lack of my own.
My[18M] girlfriend[17M] and I have been dating for about a year and a half. But for the next 4 years it may be long distance. Should I break up?
Is this text I sent over a year ago emotional cheating?
I [21F] thought my boyfriend [24M] and I were in a good place but apparently not and idk how to go forward...
I (M19) want to buy multiple gifts and arrange it in a neat gift bag for a past really really close friend (F17) and give it to her for her birthday but there’s a catch...
Nothing but Background Noise
My boyfriend [25M] thinks he’s a great singer but he’s really not it’s driving me [25F] crazy!
(f28) got cheated on by new lover (m27)
Things [21F] with bf [24M] seems to have taking a 180....
I [F/25] am terrified to ask out my newly single friend (who I've felt strongly about for over a year) [M/28] who's already dating again.
I [26F] think my boyfriend[27] likes the idea of me more then he actually likes me and expects me to be the mothering type.
I'm a hopeless virgin (22M). It's killing me, and making me a pathological liar... Please help.
I (16m) reached out to a girl (16/15f) to help her with her breakup. I have since developped feelings for her
Anyone else confused with love?
My [20M] girlfriend [19F] accidently admitted to me that shes losing interest in me and after a recient arguement I don't know how to procede
my boyfriend (21M) has become distant to me (20F).
Is it usually difficult to get over a first love?
I've (24F) been friendzoned by my crush (25M). We were affectionate last night. Why won't he date me? How can I ever move on from this unrequited love? It's been years.
My best friend (35m) is spiraling into the worst depression of his life, how do I (31m) help him?
I'm really confused about my crush. Really need advice!
My wife [F20s] almost cheated and I [F20s] need advice on how to trust her again. Mild [NSFW] kink content warning.
Did I [M24] make the right choice in breaking up with my girlfriend [F23]
my boyfriend (21M) has become distant to me (20F).
Why am I [18f] not angry at my ex for treating me horribly during a break up...is something wrong with me?
I (21M) am graduating next month and my girlfriend (20F) and I don’t see eye to eye
Found out my (18M) ex-boyfriend started cutting and unsure how to handle it // I am (17F)
I (M 29) am dating a single mother (F 33) and I need advice
My boyfriend (23M) broke up with me (20F) when everything seemed like it was going great
GF [25f] cheated, I [29m] forgave her, now I'm just confused...
Can we repair a mutually abusive relationship and avoid violent crisis? (23F/24M)
Relationship of 5 1/2 years is it time to break up?
Me [M22] get along great with my gf [F22] but we’re burning out
My boyfriend (23M) broke up with me (20F) when everything seemed like it was going great
How can I get a boyfriend
Me [28M] potentially ghosted by [27F] summer crush due to temporary distance
My friend [26M] who I [22F] secretly dated briefly has been drinking a lot since I started seeing a new guy. I'm worried about him. How can I make sure he's okay?
Was this prof (?M) rejecting me (?F)
Me [M22] have a great relationship with my gf [F22] but we’re burning out
My fwb is getting married. Insists on friendship but we have both slipped to sexting more than once. Should I drop my FWB or is it possible to stay friends?
I (19F) want to make the first move on boy (19M) that I have gone on several dates with
Am I just overthinking this?
Started dating a new guy who is polyamorous and I'm unsure how to proceed
(17M) about a short relationship and the deep depression that follows
How do I (19F) make a move on a guy (19M) that I’ve been on several dates with
Should I drop my FWB who is getting married or can it stay a friendship?
Husband jealous? how to fix this?
EDITED Dumped and left broken 22f
(17M) facing deep depression due to loss, need advice
Right person, wrong time? (25f)
My [29M] wife [34F] of three years seems obsessed.
Is it weird for a college student (18/m) to date a high school senior (18/m)?
My (26F) fiancé (28M) doesn’t shower!
How can I [30F] talk openly to my boyfriend [42M] without making him feel insecure? (insecurity / self-esteem / jealousy issues)
[23/M] Trying to Get Over Girl
My (26f) dads (50s m) and my relationship will not be ok unless I call him out on stuff from my childhood
Having issues with my (25m) girlfriend (30f) of over one year over trust
I (30f) have a friend (27f) and there’s a major difference between us that I’m not sure I can remain friends with her.
Girlfriend currently considering breaking up with me - im freaking out
My now exboyfriend(29M) broke up with me(21F) a week before traveling to Europe for 3 weeks. Wants to talk about maybe getting back together when he comes back home
My [29M] girlfriend [25F] isn't working to become the person she wants to be
Worried about girlfriends health
[23/M] Trying to Get Over Girl
What to do about my friends
Update: Me (29/F) with my brother (43/M), he has cancer and asked family come help him, I agreed but then bailed at the last minute due to previous issues between us and the plane ticket he purchased.
Right person, wrong time?
Yes or NO??
[Update]: Me (29/F) with my brother (43/M), he has cancer and asked family come help him, I agreed but then bailed at the last minute due to previous issues between us and the plane ticket he purchased.
My (29f) boyfriend (35m) does not empathize with my feelings and I don’t know how to make him understand that I just want emotional support and understanding from him.
Two meetups with ex girlfriend (27). I’m (m, 35). Deciphering.
Right person, wrong time?
Quick Kissing Question (F20) (F20) If you saw a picture of two girls, and one is kissing the other on the cheek, would you automatically assume the two are romantically involved? Or do friends commonly do that?
What’s the best advice your ex gave you?
Friend [23m] Hasn't Communicated with Me [24f] In Over a Month.
I’m [18f] trying to work on my relationship with my partner [21m] but I feel like he doesn’t want to try
My sister is asking me for money. (Advice needed please)
My (24F) boyfriend (26M) thinks in a very linear way about some things and it makes me feel insecure in our relationship.
Long Term Relationship. My GF 25 and I 26M are long distance and she can't accept that I commitments that I don't want to bail on even though I can.
Why does this girl [20/F] always accuse me [21/F] of flirting with men when I don’t intend to flirt?
Should I call it quits?
I [M19] kissed a girl [F18] who’s friend [F20] I’m in love with how do I get another chance?
Sister is asking me for large sum of money. (Advice needed please)
Girl [19 F] is not ready for a relationship
I think I need to call it quits.
How can I (28f) put myself in the mood and initiate sex more often with my boyfriend (28m)?
My [M18] girlfriend [F19] is worried about the finances of college and I'm afraid that might break us up
Neighbor (25/m) is moving in girlfriend (22/f) and she sounds like a dolphin when they have sex on top of loud daily living......am I (22/f) wrong for wanting to move out immediately?
Me [25 F] with my boyfriend [24 M] 4 months, I don't know what boundaries need to be set with flirty female coworkers
Update:Me [25m] with my co-workers [18-30] Am I reading more into this than I should?
How can I [29] best support my Aunt [early 50s] after her husband had a heart attack.
My [25F] boyfriend [29M] still has photos of his last ex on his phone, and it bothers me.
I [23F] just moved back home due to some unfortunate circumstances and I am having a hard time living with my sister [21F].
Ex girlfriend mildy asked to hangout?
My friend is a recovering addict who was just sentenced to jail. How can I help?
Special way to say I'm finally ready? 23F/23M
right person, wrong time? is that a thing?
My boyfriend has naked pictures of his ex-girlfriend. HELP!
DÙ VUÔNG LỆCH TÂM
I (F23) met a guy (M23) on Tinder who asked me to be his Findom. Any advice?
Dumped and never spoken to again 22F
My [25F] boyfriend [29M] still has photos of his last ex on his phone, and it bothers me.
Living at home
Ladies
My friend (18f) wont respond to me (18f) after going off to college
A guy [M19] I’ve [F19] been talking to keeps making excuses not to hang out
I (15 M) don’t know how to break up with my overly attached GF (15 F)
I (26f) am concerned that I should leave my partner (22m) because we are in different life phases. I’m also a bit of a commitment phobe so I can’t tell what is what.
My [29/M] friend [27/F] now thinks I am creepy. What can I do to fix?
I (22M) don't know how to deal with girls getting emotionally attached to me.
Fed up with my GF not treating the skin infection she got on a volunteer trip to Costa Rica. Is there any getting through to her? (30M/32F, together 2 years)
What happened in my relationship
Met a guy on Tinder who asked me to be his Findom. Any advice?
Dated my best friend now we broke up
The guy[M19] I’m [F19] talking to keeps making plans and cancelling
My Friend (18f) Won't Respond to Me (18f) And I Don't Know What to Do.
I [22F] am infatuated with this guy [23M]. He has a girlfriend. How can I stop liking him?
Yes or no??
My (25f) boyfriend (37m) does not do too great with household work - we both work full time!
Seriously considering elaving my wife after revealing to her my financial success
What actually happened?
At a loss
Quick Kissing Question (20f) and (20f)
She Won't Respond to Me
Girl I’m dating is behaving distant
Am I just being stupid?
My [29, F] mother [52, F] just texted me talking shit about my fiance.
I [ F 21] can't seem to get over a classmate [M 23] I have a crush on
'Who Initiates Sex and why it Matters so Much' produced by School of Life
I [25 M] am discovering that I much prefer to socialize with and be friends with women, despite vehement g a straight man. Is this weird?
Technology addiction hurting relationship or a better friendship than relationship ?
I [17M] have broken up with my first interest [17F] after a couple months, and now I feel like I will not find anyone else.
Should i take her to lake Tahoe 16m and 16f
Weird Interactions between me (17F) and coworker (31M)
guy (34M) i (19F) have been talking to for months gives me mixed signals?
I [25 M] am beginning to realize that I mainly want to be friends with women, and not other men. Is this unusual?
Weird interactions between me (17F) and coworker (30'sM)
So my ex husband and I of 2 weeks just had sex
Totally blindsided to discover my (32/f) husband (32/m) has been paying escorts. Please help.
Boyfriend mainly thinks about physical aspect of relationship (and other issues) [M20] [F19]
I get too attached. Need help moving on.
I (29/f) am gay. I have a great relationship with my boyfriend (28/m). He is a perfect partner, but I am sexually attracted to women.
guy (34M) i (19F) have been talking to for months gives me mixed signals?
20/f in a LDR, boyfriend 22/m said he would call but falls asleep before and gets mad at me for getting pissed at him for not calling.
I’m (26M) living with HSV2 and dating my uninfected girlfriend (22F). I’m struggling to cope.
I [M18] don’t want to continue a relationship with my girlfriend [F17].
This Subreddit has helped me leave a toxic relationship. [M21] [F20]
I [17M] honestly can't tell if this girl [17F] likes me.
20/f in a LDR and my boyfriend 22/m falls asleep before calling me and he blames it on me, is it my fault or his?
Quick Kissing Question!
This subreddit gave me confidence to leave a toxic relationship.
I [17M] feel like I'm not enough for my crush [17M]
Communication Issues
20/f dating a 22/m in a ldr and he falls asleep before calling me then says it's my fault. Who is really at fault?
What am I to her? Need advice!
UPDATE: My [27/m] gf [29/f] showed intimate pictures of me to her friend while drunk and then lied about it
My boyfriend and I [19M/F] with our friend [19/M] how to help him cope with his dads death?
I [20M] can’t take relationships or people in general serious anymore?
I [17M] feel like I'm not enough for my crush [17F]
Ok, Reddit.. be honest with me so I could be honest with myself. :( Should I (22F) break it off with my bf (27M)
How can I [24F] not be depressing around my BF [26M]?
Are different political views a hinderance in your relationship?
My friend [23M] confessed his feelings to me, but I [22F] don't feel the same way and have accidentally created a more awkward situation. [crosspost from relationship_advice]
Please HELP ME
My friend [M23] confessed his feelings to me [F22], but I don't feel the same way, and have accidentally created an even more awkward situation. [x-post from relationship_advice]
My brother (29M) can't seem to catch a break and I (26F) don't know how to help him
Me [29M] just feeling like there’s been no change in the dynamic of me and my [26F] girlfriend’s relationship for the last 2.5 years and I don’t see any hope of that changing any time soon.
I [20M] having a problems maintaining a good relations with [20]
Totally blindsided to discover my (32/f) husband (32/m) has been paying escorts. Please help.
I (M34) am not sure what to make of the fact that my (32F) masturbates strictly to porn.
My boyfriend (18M) doesn't understand me(17F)
Me [29M] just feeling like I’m going through the motions with my girlfriend [26F] of 2.5 years with zero idea of what comes next and no plan.
How do I (25/f) get my bf (26/m) of (10 months) to take time off and invest in us? Possible workaholic?
I [early 20'sM] keep having precum leakage when with my girlfriend [early 20'sF]. Looking for some advice.
My [28/m] friends [28/m 27/f] have inherited a large amount of money. I think they are trying to help me out and I'm not sure what to do
My fiancée (F18) found old nudes from a past relationship on my (M23) phone and I don’t know how to fix the situation
Boyfriend mainly thinks about physical aspect of relationship (and other issues) [M20] [F19]
Me [00 M/F] with my ___ [00 M/F] duration, short-description;text
Should I break-up? [22M] [20F]
GF [35F] Lied about sex during breakup but also used her not having sex against me to get back together.
Help me (25/f) communicate clearly to my (26/m) boyfriend!
My girlfriend(18F) asked for space and I(24M) need advice
Survey Participation Needed
My gf [F23] and I [M26] broke up two weeks ago but we continue to see each other. What can I do in this situation?
Advice for a guy [25M] who has been single forever?
Am I just being stupid?
I [25M] may have got a psycho pregnant , help please !
My [26 F] female coworker [23F] wants me to matchmake her.
36F and 39M long term issues
Should I continue this relationship? [22M][20F]
I [early 20'sM] keep having precum leakage when with my girlfriend [early 20'sF]. Looking for some advice.
I can be an ignorant, rude argumentative boyfriend that doesn’t want to be horrible anymore.
I [25M] want to be supportive, but also want my GF[25F] to learn to self soothe.
How would you feel if your ex-girlfriend (of 5 days) began seeing another guy?
My[22f] friend [21f] has a bf but fancies the guy I’m seeing [24m]
My girlfriend(18F) asked for space and I(24M) need advice
I don't want to go back to the doctor because I'm scared to know what the test results say. 15M
Complicated relationship, "Boyfriend"[23M] and I [23F] live together but thinking of parting ways, sad and confused. Many mixed signals. Thoughts and advice needed!
Am I just being stupid?
Me [22M] with my (Now) ExGF [22 F] of 2 years, trying to understand and accept.
I (29 M) have been in 3 moderately termed relationships, and now when dating I only focus on the negatives
Advice for a guy [25M] who as been single forever?
Back dating after a divorce
Need advice on how to handle a situation with a coworker
A girl (17F) is in love with me (21M), and while I do care for her heavily, I'm unsure what to do - Worried about age gap, distance between us, and the fact that I'm still partly in love with someone else...
I [25M] want to be supportive, but also want my GF[25F] to learn to self soothe.
My [23M] friends, all of them [18M] had a verbal fight after a rec soccer game last night while I was a bystander, now two of them won't speak to me.
I don't want to go back to the doctor because I'm scared to know what the test results say.
My [25f] boyfriend [28m] of 3.5yrs has communication issues. I literally kicked his door in during a fight.. we haven’t spoke since. Should i reach out or wait for him to? Ask for forgiveness or move on?
Complicated Relationship/Living together/pending breakup with SO[23M] I [23F] needs help
Am I(34m) reading to many stories from r/relatonships?
Advice for a guy [25M] who has been single forever?
I (29 M) have been in 3 moderately termed relationships, and now when dating I only focus on the negatives
I [26/F] got too wrapped up in my long distance (failed) relationship, and neglected my friendships. Now I have nobody. What now?
UPDATE Emotionless girlfriend part 3
A girl (17F) is in love with me (21M), and while I do care for her heavily, I'm unsure what to do - Worried about age gap, distance between us, and the fact that I'm still partly in love with someone else...
I was poorly raised, told off for everything minuscule growing up and was never taught actual responsibility and it’s damaging my relationship.
Am i (34m) reading too many stories from r/relationships?
I just got divorced, and I think i need a younger companion... Like a sb
My (27M) girlfriend (28F) has never voted and doesn't plan to.
I [26/F] have slowly lost contact with all of my friends due to a (now) failed long term relationship.
MUKBANG storytime with girlfriend. We are new to YouTube and would be greatly appreciated if you support us. Our YouTube channel is Emorye B
Is it absolutely irrational to consider breaking up with my [25F] boyfriend [29M] because he didn't vote?
My [27m] girlfriend [21f] thinks I’m cheating on her with my pregnant and married coworker [25f] I’m not..
I(18f) opened up to my friends (18f) about sexual experience/relationship I had with my teacher when I was 15, and they blamed me and now I feel awkward?
I [18M] feel extremely lonely in a long distance relationship with my girlfriend [18F].
My (27M) girlfriend (28F) just told me has never voted because she doesn't have any strong beliefs.
Going through first breakup - Healthy tips for processing and letting go
Needing some tips on how to move on 22F
Me [26M] cheated on my GF[25F] of <1 year
How do I [F22] still feel loved when my significant other [M22] is depressed?
GF 21 found 7 ear old mixes of Ex in closet, while cleaning.
How do I (22F) tell my boyfriend of two months (27M) that I’ve been sexually assaulted in the past?
Lost phone-BF of 5 years didn’t want to help?
I [18m] need help with my girlfriend [18f] in a long distance relationship.
My GF (21) was helping me clean out closet in my parents house while moving and found 7 year old nude photos of Ex.
Why am i like this
I’m trying so hard
Why is he [25M] randomly popping up?
My (29M) girlfriend (27f) doesn't trust me
Should I (28F) tell my father I found his biological father on a genealogy website?
[UPDATE] Me [26/F] with my SO [27/M] together 1 and a half year, about to start relationship consueling
Texting - help!
Girl with schizophrenia
My [17m] girlfriend [17f] has no friends and no hobbies
Reading into texting patterns - help!
Not good enough for my relationship?
[19F] I’m cynical about relationships, even though I’m in one. I don’t know how to be happy or if I even can be.
Is being too direct good?
My [24F] boyfriend [25M] asked my best friend [24M] to act more masculine and dominating around me, to ensure nobody who sees us would hit on me.
HOW TO CATCH A CHEATER CONTACT @JADEDHAYES ON INSTAGRAM.
Hi
How do i (21M) fix my relationship with my parents? (51M/F)
Is being too direct good?
Lol how can I stop being stupid and pay attention to whether she’s playing games or not?
Gf [23F] wears very high heels on nights out. When her feet hurts she takes it out on me [25M]. I'm sick of being her crutch (literally).
I [23F] don’t know what’s going on with my long distance boyfriend [22M].
Needing some tips on how to move on 22F
My friend (33yofemale) wants to move in with her (40 yo male) pattern and he doesn’t want to.
Advice: boyfriend not turning up to hospital
Husband [34] told his work friend [28f] that I [33f] was pregnant
I [22M] told my long time friend/crush [19F] how I feel about her. She said "not yet." When I asked for a definitive answer she said "no."
I'm (20F) having issues with two roommates (both 20F) and I'm not sure what to do
Needing some tips on how to move on 22F
I have a big family, but GF(26) is not family-oriented...
My boyfriend [26M] purposely hit the car behind him while pulling out of parallel parking. Hes not concerned.
NSFW: my SO is doing something that makes me really uncomfortable
Beauty is a weakness in relationships
I (29 F) resent my mother (49 F) and feel guilty for it
My uncle (40M) wants to reconcile with family and me (20) after 6 years of no contact. His ultimatum is my baby brothers (10,8m) aren’t allowed around.
How do I (21FtM) fix my relationship with my parents? (51M/F)
I [late 20sF] am unsure how or whether to acknowledge a situation with my new colleague/old acquaintance [early 30sM]
I (29F) am starting to severely resent my mother (49 F) and I feel guilty
I blocked my aunt on Facebook. [NAW]
Sticky Situation
Friend[22F] stayed at our[20F/21F/21F/20M] flat due to bedbug infestation and spread it to our flat too. Everyone's angry and i don't know what to do
My [26F] sister [24F] moved in with my ex [24M] and they slept together. They don't understand why I'm upset?
I (35m) need advice on (38f) who wants time 3 months into relationship
I [30f] need help moving on from feeling I’m not good enough.
Help! (29M) relationship issues. cannot decide to be with ex (28F) or new girl (23F).am i a jerk?
I [F19] am uncomfortable with my girlfriend's [F22] sister
navy relationship-breakup
21 year old (m) cant commit to a relationship
How do I (20M) go from dating to FWBs with my Ex (19F)?
My [26F] sister [24F] moved in with my ex [24M] and slept with him. In our old bed. In my underwear. Help.
My Sister [ 18] is cheating on her Bf [ 20] who's one of my best friends: Not sure whether I should tell him about it.
Hey guys i (18M) have been dating this girl (17F) for almost a year and im thinking about breaking up with her. I just need help figuring out the best way
I [F19] feel uncomfortable when my girlfriend's [F22] twin is around `
My [22F] boyfriend [26M] of 2 years didn’t tell me didn’t want sex until we already started having sex; feeling frustrated
I’m moving in with my (20’s F) ex (late 20’s M), and my best friend (30’s F)
21 year old (M) yearning for love but cant commit.
I [21M] am having issues getting over some things my girlfriend [21F] hid from me about her past. Is this irrational?
A guy (21m) I (22f) met had a great wingman
How do you go from dating to FWBs?
I [24 F] think my feelings for my boyfriend [23 M] of 6 months aren't as strong as his are for me
I (38f) want to leave my husband (28m) and he won't allow it
It feels like my (27m) girlfriend (22f) is too close with a guy that has feelings for her
What's the least awkward way to tell a coworker [30sm] that I [26f] might have given him an STD?
My [22F] boyfriend [26M] didn’t tell me he didn’t want sex until after we were already having sex; feeling frustrated
(20f) Confused about relationship with boyfriend (22m) and trying to deal with insecurities help
Me [46 M] with my stepson [20 M] stepson and son issues
Do you ever get paranoid that one of your girlfriend/boyfriend’s ex’s is plotting to kill you?
I (19M) need advice about me and my girlfriends (19F) relationship.
What do I do if he asks for my number?
Met a great girl that I would love to see how things go with, but there’s just one problem..
Girlfriend (20F) constantly belittles me (19M) when I forget details about her life
It feels like my (27m) long distance girlfriend (22f) is too close with a guy that has feelings for her
Update re: MIL(f65) with dimentia, my (m43) wife (f35) is taking care of her
Me [26 F] with my BF [23 M] 2 years, can't agree on child rearing and daycare
navy relationship
I (19M) would like some advice for me and my girlfriends (19F) relationship
Parents fight constantly and I want to help
My girlfriend (19F) does not know what she wants from me (20M) anymore. Is this it?
How Would You React?
I [21 M] have a close friend[21 M] of 2yrs who is a dangerous driver.
I (20M) am having a hard time deciding if I want to pursue a possible relationship with a (20F) friend of mine from high school. The only thing is that she is into something that I find very weird
Girlfriends ex had a 8 inch dick
Which countries, cultures, have the nicest women for being in a relationship with?
I (23/F) asked for his (M) number, he seemed interested bu we got busy. Now what to do?
TL;DR : Met a great girl that likes me but she’s still stuck in her ending relationship. We met at a party, went to lunch the next day and have been texting. I don’t know where to go from here. Can anyone give me advise on my next move?
My (f, 21) friends became friends with my enemy and are ditching me to hang out with her
My [22F] boyfriend [26M] of 2 years didn’t tell me he didn’t want sex until we were already having sex, feeling frustrated
What a guy’s friends said about him makes me like him more!
I (25F) was hit by a car & I’m freaked out by my OH’s (24M) response
16F, my boyfriend hasn't been the same for the past month and a half.
My family feels that my bf [31M] and I [23F] are not a good match for each other
Girlfriends ex has an 8 inch dick
What can I (25f) do to not make the relationship to my fiance (27m) emotionally draining for him?
Survey Participation Needed
Does he like me?
I asked for his number, he looked interested but we got busy. Now what to do?
Met a beautiful girl, but there’s one problem..
I[28f] don't deserve my husband[31m].
My [26M] partner [28M] of 3 years abandoned me halfway into an overseas holiday. Is this ever ok?
GF [23F] and I [23M] Want to Move to the Same City, But Can't Decide Where
My girlfriend [ 21] been cheating on me [ 20] for over a year, should I forgive her?
16f, boyfriend and i used to be madly in love now something has changed and won't tell me the problem
Met a girl in an ending relationship
I [M19] in a semi relationship with [F18] she wants to take things slow but it feels like we are going back words, what do I do.
From nobility to poverty
My [24f] boyfriend [29m] seems embarrassed by me because I don't look rich. (Even though I'm pretty well off)
Update: My [19F] boyfriend [20M] regularly does things he would be furious at me for, like hanging out with the opposite sex and more.
Boyfriend [32 M] has borrowed and excessive amount of money from me [22 F] and is basically refusing to pay me back
No contact with my mom [51F] for three weeks. I [28F] want to fix our relationship.
Boyfriend (25M) is accusing me(25F) of lying and making up excuses when I’m telling the truth. How should I approach this?
Where can I find someone to care about me
I (18M) matched with an old crush(-ish) on Tinder, is she (18F) serious?
Boyfriend (32 M] has borrowed nearly $1000 from me [22 F] and refuses to pay me back. What do I do?
My wife [31F] has trouble making friends, gets upset that I [30M] don't, I want to help but don't know how
I (24f) never got to experience what most teenagers do. I got out of the situation, and now I'm struggling between wanting to settle down and wanting to go crazy and have fun. Not sure what to do.
Surprise no contact with my mom [51F]. How can I [28F] fix our relationship?
I (M) Swallowed My Own Cum
My [29] ex Bf [36] can't afford to move out
He ghosted me but still watches my social media?
Falling out of love
Do I dump my republican boyfriend?
Boys regularly try to get with my girlfriend on nights out and makes me feel uncomfortable. What do I say?
Being around my (14f) dad (41) makes me feel lonely
My [23F] girlfriend of 2.7 years has avoided about talking about to me [26F] about going to her graduation and has not been communicating to me since being away with her family
Why does he watch all my stories after ghosting me?
Update re: mother in law needing special care
I 18M want to date a friend of my ex 18F who my ex constantly berated.
I [19 M] in a semi relationship as she [18 F] wants to take it slow but it seems like we are going back words and I can't tell if it's my anxiety or her, what can I do
Help
I’m (24f) living with two roommates (25m) in their bachelor pad
I (20'sF) need help understanding why my boyfriend (30'sM) needs to be friends with his ex
(24F) New to dating with general questions/concerns
My [23F] girlfriend of 2.7 years has avoided about talking about to me [26F] about going to her graduation and has not been communicating to me since being away with her family.
Why does someone ghost you but then still watch your stories?
My parents are constantly annoyed with each other
I [28F] need to end my 4 year relationship with bf [30M]
Boyfriend [32 M] keeps borrowing money from me [22 F] without repaying it. Says he is financially irresponsible, but I believe there could be more to the story
Me [23F] with my boyfriend [25 M] 1 year 3 mo, am I being too sensitive or is he annoying to debate/argue with?
LDR friendship maybe more between a [29M] and [23F]. F is hung up on her on/off FWB, should really even care in the first place?
h
My [59F] mom is having severe caregiver burnout from taking care of her [91F] year old mother, and it is spreading down to me...more info in text
Sex starved marriage, sex with someone else?
(25F) Need advice for what to do with father (50M)
My mom [59F] taking care of her [91F] mother and has very severe caregiver burnout that is coming on to me...more explanation in text
How do I [20m] help my girlfriend's [20f] trust issues caused by her ex?
I (28F) don't think I like being in relationships and prefer to be alone. I am feeling un-confident in my resolve.
I [24M] have had an on-and-off fling with my coworker [25F] - it's torturing me.
My (25F) partner (28M) recently started acting weird. Advice?
Boyfriend issues
Did I cheat? Should I tell?
Is the pattern of our conflict particularly problematic?
My friend [19M] is mad with me [19M] because I didn’t wish him a happy birthday?
I don't think I (28F)like being in relationships. I prefer to be by myself but I am feel un-confident in my resolve.
I (20F) might have let my 24(M) boyfriend go too soon
Is the pattern of our conflict particularly problematic?
My complicated breakup
[nonromantic] my (27f) brother (21m) won't leave his room or talk to anyone, I don't know what to do
Dealing with depression and my relationship
How to approach F30 on MAT leave about household responsibilities.
Am I[18F] overreacting when it comes to my boyfriend’s [21M] relationship towards a mutual friend [19F]?
I'm worried about a girls personal growth
Looking for someone to analyse my broken relationship.
Ghost[21M] from Christmas past coming back to haunt me[20F]
My [24F] boyfriend [25M] failed a class four times and it is the only thing keeping us from moving on to the next step in our relationship
Dealing with depression and my relationship
My [26F] boyfriend [27M], together 4 months, still can't pronounce my (polish) last name properly and it's driving me mad.
I [20/F] think he's [23/M] cheating on me but he doesn't want to talk about it?
I (23m) dont't know if i should continue my relationship with my gf (23) of 5 years.
How do you know when you’re wasting time?
I think my BF is emotionally cheating. Nobody to talk, feeling so alone
I (25F) now feel judged by my (23M) boyfriend
not sure if a Japanese guy is interested in me
Looking for someone who could analyse me or what went wrong with my relationship.
my complicated breakup.
I [20/F] think he's [23/M] cheating on me but he refuses to even discuss in person?
Am I (F25) weird for wanting my boyfriend (M32) to feel comfortable enough to masturbate/watch porn while I’m in the same room?
What’s a good sympathy gift?
F[20] M[21] Relationship advice desperately needed!
I [19M] am dating a woman [29F] and she wants me to move in with her, my mom doesn’t approve of our relationship but I don’t know if I should talk with her about this first
Is it normal for an 18yo male to be flirting with a 24yo female?
I(27f) met a guy(26m) on an online dating site, all was fine till i found out that he is shorter than i expected when i met him.
My [29f] sister [28f] is in a tailspin and bringing her new baby with her
[nonromantic] my (27f) brother (21m) is super depressed/super a shut-in, I don't know what to do
I (27M) was cheated on by my Fiance (24F) in our open relationship. I'm not sure how to process it
I [25F] moved overseas and now my mom [48F] won’t talk to me
Am I weird for wanting my boyfriend to feel comfortable enough to masturbate/watch porn with me in the room?
Ends the same
[deleted by user]
My wife (27F) told me (30M) that I don't contribute enough and now I can't get that out of my head
I'm [31f] struggling to balance ethical care of my mother [52f] with her anti-vax stance (now unable to find primary care due to this stance)
My [24] husband [25] thinks I have no compassion
My [22f] husband [26m] feels as if he's being unfaithful to me because of intense dreams about his deceased first wife. It's genuinely hurting him, but I'm struggling to take it seriously, and I don't know how to respond
I think I'm falling in love..
My bf (20m) cheated on me (20f) with his ex
[deleted by user]
My wife (27F) told me (30M) that I don't contribute enough and now I can't get that out of my head
My (21M) girlfriend (21F) came out to me as asexual. Not sure where to go from here.
I [27/F] dislike my boyfriends [24/M] best friend [30/M] and don't want to go to his wife's party, am I being ridiculous?
Do married men get bored with their wives?
Fiancee not a big fan of my new nipple piercing
My (29 F) husband (36 M) just invited himself on our girls' trip. What do I do?
Is it normal/healthy to not have any friends?
Boyfriend has been chatting alot with another woman on facebook
How do I (24F) learn to take criticism better?
My [24M] estranged brother [22M] has come back. I feel I owe it to him to help him out but I'm afraid I'll lose the rest of my family if I do. What's the morally correct thing here?
My (26F) boyfriend's (26M) anxiety is messing up our relationship
Abusive Relationship Help
I (32M) have a new girlfriend (31F) for the first time in a long time and its going so well but I feel majorly insecure and that I am not good enough for her and that my insecurities are eventually going to fuck things up.
Need Music to get High too in order to deal with a bad breakup
My boyfriends ex stalks me on instagram and has started to message and comment strange things
I [28 F] feel like my roommate [27F] is lying to me. How should I confront this?
I don’t feel the connection between me Anna (female 21) and my best friend Robin (female 19)
Couples counseling- How to find someone good but also in budget.
Ex[19F] who cheated on me[19M] is determined to get us back together.
I [25F] moved overseas and now my mom [48F] won’t talk to me
Abusive Relationship Help
My [17M] girlfriend [17F] has frequent mood swings
Borderline Personality Disorder
My boyfriends ex stalks me on Instagram and has started to message and comment strange things
My (19F) boyfriend (22M) got drunk this weekend and acted very verbally abusive towards me in front of his family. I am receiving backlash for not 'smiling' or 'trying to be happy'. How do I cope?
Boyfriend (31/M) playing video games 24/7
Couples therapy - how did you find where to go?
We (22M&21F) didn't talk enough during our relationship, can I still save it?
Husband has phone issues
Is it unreasonable that I (21M) don't want my parents (53M)(49F) monitoring my bank account?
A close friend who I rejected told me about his new budding relationship and I’m feeling irrationally jealous.
Me [32/F] with my ex [30M] from a year ago, please help me move on
[Update] Is my SO [28M] being unfair to me [23F]?
Lake tahoe with me (17m) and my crush (17f)
Been best friends for more than three years but I need some help, trying to figure out 🤔
Couples therapy- how do you find where to go?
Phone issues
My gf(24/F) asked a guy who she had sex with to go for a drink with us and introduced him as a friend.
I [33/m] am dating a girl [25/f] who's father is dying, and I don't know what to do.
I (28f) cant read (26m) after 2 months we have only hugged once and cuddled twice. Despite him inviting me into his bed and me sleeping in my underwear.
I like a girl
Boyfriend [28M] struggles with mood disorders and takes it out on me [23F]
My [f22] partner [m24] is traumatised by past relationships but won’t seek help.
[Update] Is my SO [28M] being unfair to me [23F]?
Girlfriend(22) needs time from me(m22) so we broke up. I'm scared this was a mistake?
I(30M) don't know how to handle these feelings of jealousy towards my roommate(25F)
My Roommate (f19) keeps Asking for my Prime (f18)
Am I [19F] losing feelings for my boyfriend [21M] or is it just my anxiety trying to make me question everything?
About to move across the country for him (M25) but am I (F22) making a mistake?
My [17M] girlfriend [17F] has mood swings quite frequently
Can i trust her?
I'm (22M) a year int a relationship with the perfect girl (21F), but we kinda got stuck... is there still hope?
I (F 27) have an extremely hard time trust that my (M 27) boyfriend loves me despite lack of evidence to the contrary
My fiance (22F) came to me (22M) asking for permission to have sex with other people AFTER meeting someone online and planning sex with them.
Girlfriend made me wait 5 dates for sex but had one night stand 2 weeks before
Boyfriend gaming 24/7
Things will be fine, right?
Was led on by a girl and now I feel like shit.
How do you keep your long term partner interested?
Am I [19F] losing feelings for my boyfriend [21M] or is the honeymoon phase over?
Am I overthinking interactions with BFs friend?
My (18F) roommates (both 18F) are super inconsiderate of each other - and now I’m in the middle of them!
My fiance (F22) came to me (M22) for permission to have an open relationship/sex with others AFTER she had already planned sex with a man without my knowledge.
[deleted by user]
My M(25) gf F(23) has a really bad family situation so she won’t have a graduation ceremony.
Complements from BFs friend?
I [27M] met my ex-gf [25f] at a halloween party, stuff happened, she apparently doesn't remember a lot of it
I (22F) want to cheer my husband (24M) up but I’m not very romantic
Dog Sees Tiny Kitten Having Trouble With The Stairs, He Goes To Help And It’s Beyond Adorable
My friend (M16) is extremely depressed and me (M16) and our friend (M16) are constantly trying to help him cope. It seems to have had no effect and we worry he has settled in to masochism. How can we help him, in any way possible?
My Dad Has Cancer...Maybe?
My (22/M) recent ex-girlfriend (22/F) likely cheated on me during our relationship. Should I talk to her about it?
My gf has a really bad family situation so she won’t have a graduation ceremony
How do I save my (new) relationship?
[29M] My girlfriend [31F] changed her phone's password, am I being unreasonable?
How do you keep your long term partner interested in you?
Should I (29F) get married to my Fiance(29M)?
Am I [25F] doing relationships wrong?
Me [37 F] with my Girlfriend[27 F] of 8 months - it's become a toxic relationship but neither of us can end it. I truly believe it's an addiction at this point.
Why is it beneficial for you to stay single between relationships?
I (30F) feel trapped in my horrible marriage (40M) and I'm having trouble making an escape plan. He has a sick problem. Real fucked up, Kinda long.
Something is holding me back from dating girls
My (18F) roommates (both 18f) are super inconsiderate of each other - and now it’s turning to me!
[deleted by user]
Should I be with this person? Or No?
Not sure if my (22 M) interactions with college crush (20 F) are normal or excessive
Fighting
I'm not attracted to anyone in particular and I [18m] have no time. How can I be less lonely?
How to get over my ex. Help.
I am talking to this girl, she's breaking up with her boyfriend in 2 months i want to wait it out, what do i do?
I [22F] really like this guy [25M] but I dont know if I want to date him because of his job.
I FIND IT DIFFICULT TO GET OVER MY EX GIRLFRIEND
Gf [26] about to dump me [34] over my handling of the holidays, help?
Feeling second best
My wife is often angry and I feel she uses it to control me
Gf [26] about to dump me [34] over my handling of the holidays, help?
Me 20M with guy 20M I met on Tinder, strange situation
My [23M] ex-girlfriend’s [21F] younger brother died and I have no idea how to behave
My wife is often angry and uses it as a way to control me
My [34M] boyfriend [27M] can’t accept certain people being in my life because I have a sexual past with them.
My [29F] otherwise kind and respectful partner [35M] stresses me the heck out on vacations.
My (28m) wife (29f) of 2 years communicates almost daily with her ex-husband (late 30s?) who is serving a life sentence. His last letter was extremely explicit and apparently a response to her explicit letter. What can I do about this?
Should I [22F] risk ruining a good friendship with an ex [23M] by bringing up trying a relationship again?
I (21F) have been seeing a guy (25M) for a while, want to be with him, but he has major ex baggage and I don't know how to make it work without feeling like a placeholder
My Dad Has Cancer... Or Does He?
Has my friend dumped me?
Me 20M with guy 20M I met on Tinder, strange situation
Has anybody heard of the “Shogun method?” I’m horrified and I don’t know where else to post this.
I [22F] have a HUGE crush on an engaged guy [24M]...
Has my friend dumped me?
I [22M] made a mistake and ended things with my [21F] girlfriend. I don't think there is anything I can do right now.
I [23 F] started a master in social work program because my emotionally abusive ex-bf [25 M] talked me out of pursuing medicine.
I'm [22F] scared that my roommate [23F] will hurt my dog.
Dad [50M] wants to divorce Mom [46F] for not finding a job. I [21M] am tired of mediating for them.
I [22F] have a HUGE crush on an engaged guy [24M]...
My [17F] Boyfriend [16M] thinks he's an alien
Ex (27F) picked up my (26M) call but my text doesn't say delivered, do you think the message was lost somehow?
Would you [22F] risk ruining a good friendship with an ex [23M] by bringing up trying a relationship again? (non-specific situation-- just your thoughts if it were you)
Boyfriend (19yo) of 6 months sprays ex-gf’s perfume to help him get to sleep
Your Ex Will Come Back Or Not ?!!
Girlfriends health issues too much for me
I (21F) might be giving my bf (23M) and ultimatum soon.
Room mates little sister?
How do you deal with a distant family that doesn't seem to want to involve you in family things?
I [23 F] started a master’s program in social work because my emotionally abusive ex-bf [25 M] talked me out of pursuing medicine.
Me [28F] with [39M] What is considered moving to fast?
Isn't this pretty needy?
My [22F] friend [23F] is going back to her abusive ex and I need advice on how to cope.
A few weeks ago, I (26F, spanish) started dating a guy (31M, american) I met on tinder.
Would you risk ruining a good friendship with an ex by bringing up trying a relationship again?
Am I a lesbian?
I (21F) am considering giving my long distance boyfriend of 4 years (23M) an ultimatum
I (23 F) am uncomfortable with my new boyfriend's (23 M) relationship with his roommate (22 F)
My (26M) Girlfriend (25F) is meeting up with her Ex (25M) for “food and drinks.” Am I right to be upset, or am I being overly jealous?
(25F) don't know how to continue relationship with father (50M)
Why is my(30F) former FWB(28M) doing this?
💔
The friends of my [26m] "crush" [26f] found out I like her... They were NOT happy.
26m dating 23f and not completely attracted
How do I (21F) take things slow with ex(20M)?
He [30M] is everything I wanted - scared I [32F] won't fall in love
Is there really a special one in life?
She's got everything but im not attracted to her
My sister (26F) is pregnant and treating my mother (48F) horribly. Sent her a text what hoped for her death, my mother is heartbroken. I am worried for the baby. (LONG)
My crush (M20) is always hesitant to ask/tell me something?
He [30M] is everything I wanted - scared I [32F] won't fall in love
I [30F] recently found out my ex [30M] was asking about me at a party (we broke up six years ago)
I'm (34M) not sure if she (36F) and I should be having the exclusivity talk
Professional private investigator team
I fell in love with my best friend and got rejected. I then brought up the idea of friends with benefits and she said yes at first, then acted like she never said that. I haven’t spoke to her in 3 months. Should I move on or try and reconcile our friendship?
Why is my former FWB doing this?
I [30F] recently found out my ex [30M] was asking about me at a party (we broke up six years ago)
I (34f) caught my husband (35m) performing oral sex on himself, is this a normal thing?
Help! My bf is sexting another chick and wanting to fuck her.
A very close friend of mine (31M) is continuously asking me (M28) to join him in a business venture. My polite "no's" aren't working, and he is escalating his attempts to get my attention.
[25 M] I just finished university and realised that I love my girlfriend's best friend [24 F] and do not actually love my girlfriend [22 F]. What do I do?!
I (34f) caught my husband (35m) performing oral sex on himself, is this a normal thing?
A very close friend of mine (31M) is continuously asking me (M28) to join him in a business venture. My polite "no's" aren't working, and he is escalating his attempts to get my attention.
What are your experiences with long distance relationships?
At what point is it wrong to fantasise about other men/women whilst in a relationship?
I (26 - M) am looking for a relationship....I am a romantic and looking for someone who shares the same ideology as I do.
My girlfriend [22F] cheated on me [22M]. How should I react?
(25F) Need advice for what to do with father (50M)
Is there any chance of getting him to give us a try?
Gf [20F] is still talking to her ex-hookups. I [21M] asked her to stop but she says she's just being nice?
My sister (32f) was my maid of honor and left my (25f) wedding a half hour after the ceremony :(
Is there a way for me to get him back?
My girlfriend [22F] cheated on me [22M] while drunk. How do I react?
Tricky LD FWB situation with me [21F] and him [21M]
LDR boyfriend is barely reachable after our last visit [31F, 46M]
My husband [30M] and I [29F] are on a "break" but I don't know if the cause of this is because of me completely, miscommunication, sex or something else.
Sister (f/24) denying existence of ongoing feud with me (f/33)
My [F21] boyfriend [M22] 'picked up' a random girl on a dare from his friend and then drank with her.
My husband [30M] and I [29F] are on a "break" but I don't know if the cause of this is because of me, miscommunication, sex or something else.
I am in the middle of a conflict between my mother and my grandmother
My (F21) boyfriend (M22) picked a random girl up 'on a dare from his friend' and drunk with her.
Sister (f/24) denying existence of ongoing feud with me (f/33)
Is my gf [24/F] crossing the line with a coworker?
My girlfriend said she loves me already
I [53/F] recently met a guy [59/M] who wants an instant relationship with early signs that he wants someone to be responsible for him. I really like him, but I’m not sure how to respond.
Why would a girl suddenly act strange with you when she was obsessed with you?
I [24 W] found out my bf [26 M] watches porn gifs
What can I [21M] do to my long distance girlfriend [21F] to save our relationship?
[deleted by user]
My husband [32] doesn't give me oral but I found out he did them for his ex
Found out my bf watches porn gifs
I met a girl at a party
Nobody will approve of my (F20) partner (M40), and we absolutely love each over, but breaking up seems like our only option.
Are abusers truly unable to change?
I(25F) feel like a horrible burden to my bf(29M). How can I become a better gf/person?
I [M,17] developed an addiction to touching. I need some help
[deleted by user]
What can I [21M] do to my long distance girlfriend [21F] when she's visiting to save the relationship?
boyfriend (20M) is not giving me (17F) the emotional support I need after my friend took their own life.
He [M29] broke up with me [F27] days away from seeing him.
I (25f) was excited about a new relationship (24m) but it feels like he’s wasting my time. Am I quitting too soon?
Boyfriend (30M) unexpectedly struggling socially in graduate school and it’s making me (25M) question our relationship
Need help on getting out of the friend zone without ruining a friendship
My Boss [mid 20's] and myself [mid 20's] want to start the same business and I think he should let it go
Just want to reassure myself I’m(M22) making the right decision.
I [36M] finally met a woman [28F] who's good for me, and I like her a lot but I'm just not in love. What should I do?
I (18M) is having issues with a girl (17F)
how can i help him?
Trying to get out of the friend zone (eek)
Is it ok to act single online?
Some Advice?
Loving Someone Older
Motivation or intelligence, which is better to optimise the "goodness" of work carried out under a guide?
Me [21M] cannot break up with my partner [21F] because she threatens me with mental health issues.
Dj
helping a child sexual abuse survivor?
My [30M] girlfriend [29F] is an escort, I lover her but find it hard when she's away working
Me (F27) and boyfriend (M27) are separating. Would like some impartial advice
Developed feelings for my best friends partner
Loving Someone Older
I (32f) have become physically and emotionally attracted to my (44f) therapist and don't know how to continue our professional relationship.
I (32f) started seeing a therapist (46f) and I've become physically and emotionally attracted to her. Should I still see him or find a new therapist?
Was this prof (?M) suggesting co-supervision or rejection with me (?F)
I am [28/m] and My [24/f] wife doesn’t want to move to a different city because of her studies even though we get a free house
BF feels like a different person but is it all in my head?
I [24 M] have a friend [25 F] who considers me a much stronger friend than I actually am. How do I get this across to her without hurting her feelings?
My (19/F) friend (19/F) is medically diagnosed with depression and I don't know how to handle her whenever she throws a tantrum. And I need an advice on how to handle it.
Was this prof (?M) rejecting to supervise me (28F)
my boyfriend[21M] said another girls name in his sleep
Is it okay to invite people over without including my roommate?
My (19/F) friend (19/F) is medically diagnosed with depression and I don't know how to handle her whenever she throws a tantrum. I need an advice on how.
When did you know that you stopped loving your SO?
I (22F) met a guy (27M) on Tinder and can't figure out why he changed our relationship dynamics, please give me some input
I'm not attracted to anyone in particular and I [18m] have no time. How can I be less lonely?
I [22F] don't see a future with kids, boyfriend [24M] of almost 6 years does. Are we doomed?
What does ghosting look/feel like to you? (Female perspective)
My boyfriend and I have been together for 6 years. We’ve had a healthy relationship, never any big issues. Tonight I saw that he keeps looking up the same girl on Instagram. She posts mainly pictures of her butt, anyways I’m really creeped out and never would have thought that of him. What do I do?
Falling out of love
My [21M] gf split with me with at least 3 months left living with each other
I [22F] don't invision a future with kids, boyfriend [24M] of almost 6 years does. Are we doomed?
I[25/f] is thinking of breaking up with boyfriend. [27/f]. Is this the right decision?
I [20M] have been talking to this girl [20F] for two months and she keeps ignoring me and reappearing months later
Im a 20F and never had my first kiss. I’ve been on 3 dates now with this guy (20M) and I want to kiss him but I get so scared and shy/embarrassed every time we come close to kissing. I’m not used to affection so it scares me. How can I overcome this?
Me (18/F) and my Tinder Date (19/M) dating after first date?
My boyfriend is a financial mess. I want to end our relationship but am feeling hugely guilty about making his situation worse
My mom won’t let me (18M) stay the night with my long distance gf (16). What are your opinions? And what should I do?
anyone else trap themselves in a relationship they shouldnt be in?
Me 34M brother is angry with me 28F and mum over late fathers inheritance.
I'm (21m) independent and my girlfriend (23f) is emotionally dependent
I [25f] really dislike boyfriend’s [26m] housemate [24f] because she peer pressures people (including my bf) + I think she has a crush on him
My (26f) boyfriend (26m) has extreme paranoia and it's effecting our relationship
I [24F] like [26M] but I’m not sure how to proceed.
How to get over a broken engagement. (Almost)
Moving to a different city with my wife and two kids.
I'm (21m) independent and my girlfriend (23f) is emotionally dependent
My [21m] ex [19f] of 11 months has just messaged me even though we broke up 3 days ago.
I (22m) have issues trusting gf (20F) but want to improve
Is it okay for me [23f] to stay in touch with my mom's family?
My [21M] close friend [23F] didn't tell me about her boyfriend
My I guess now Ex Gf (18) Of 4 years and I (18) decided we should take a break to work on ourselves.
I [22 M] have major trust issues with gf [20 F].
I [22F] am having trouble forgiving my friends [18-25] for petty things.
Worried about my sister
I [33/m] am dating a girl [25/f] who's father is dying, and I don't know what to do.
31 M successful with dating but unable to sustain a relationship
Everyone in my (21f) family does not support me.
My ex (25F) is dating a new guy recently post-breakup with me (26M), and he is my complete polar opposite.
I [25 M] am not attracted to my gf [24 F] of 3 months
My [21M] close friend [23F] didn't tell me about her boyfriend
Me [28M], never had a girlfriend, after MANY unsuccessful dating experiences, realizing my low value..
Do men in their 40's who have.t been married have a less chance of getting married?
The girl I'm with has a father that is dying, and I don't know what to do.
My(23M) gf (22f) broke up with me recently. I am feeling terrible. I need someone to talk about this. Please help me.
Help
My possibly ex boyfriend [28M] and I [27F] have to live with each other for 7 months including his sister. [Long Post!!!!]
[UPDATE] I (20F) think my boyfriend (20M) may have been signing in to my social media accounts for more than a year.
I [26F] want to break up with my amazing boyfriend [31M] but I don’t know hos
Am I [23F] being unreasonable to my boyfriend [31M]?
I (19/F) hate my boyfriend (19/M)
Am I being unreasonable?
TL;DR: A Breakup That was for the Best
I [23M] live with my GF [21F] of four months. I work from home and she recently stopped working to focus on her mental health for a bit. This lead to the realization that we don't really do things together at home, which is where we both now are almost 24/7.
My (28F) friend (30F) and I keep fighting about my abusive ex
Please help me (23f) interpret my crush's (22m) confusing mixed signals!
What if breaking up ruins his life? [18F] [20M]
My [21/F] boyfriend [25/M] of 11 months withdraws emotionally without warning or explanation
Relationships with a deadline...opiniones?
Sister, brother, me, multiple weddings
Is my feeling isolated justified or am I being overly-jealous?
Should I f26 date my ex boyfriend m26 again now that we are older and more mature?
A Breakup That Made Me So Much Better
What does it mean when my [25/M] girlfriend [24/F] is very affectionate in private (at one of our houses, hanging out with close friends, etc.), but not in public?
What if breaking up ruins his life?
I don't feel like my (22f) boyfriend (21m) is making as much effort as he could emotionally and sexually. Give it any more time or call it?
Should I [26F] date my ex boyfriend [26M] again? Help!
[43/M] only attracting women with kids and baggage- it feels like a complete downgrade from my ex
I (28/M) don't know about us (26/F) anymore...
Curious
My [22F] BF [22M] is really close with this girl he almost dated. Her actions make me uncomfortable, but I'm not sure if I should tell him or if I'm overreacting. Please give me advice from a clear viewpoint.
What does it mean when my girlfriend is very affectionate in private (at one of our houses, hanging out with close friends, etc.), but not in public?
Girlfriend (19F) of 9 months mad because I (21M) said that I'd have less sex with her if she gained 200lbs or if she developed some crazy deformity, mainly facial.
[43/F] I only attract women with baggage and kids? They’re all a downgrade compared to my ex
Elon Musk: 'You're gonna go a little bonkers if you work 120 hours a week'
Do I cry too much?
My (21M) best friend (21M) just admitted to me that he and my ex-girlfriend (20F) have feelings for each other. How do I be there for both of them?
I [19F] took care of a close childhood friend [18M] after he was in a bad accident, my feelings grew stronger for him but I need advice on how to go through this
I (28/M) don't know about us (26/F) anymore...
Girlfriend (19F) mad at me because I (21M) said I would probably have less sex with her if she gained 200lbs or developed crazy physical deformities (mainly in rhe face)
My (25F) friends with benefits (27M) giving me mixed signs?
MORE THAN 5 MILLION users worldwide!
He [28M] thinks that I'm [19M] his sugar daddy?
I [15M] have a crush on a girl in my school [15F]. I never have the courage to talk to her can someone help me.
How much longer should I wait?
Me [20f] with my coworker [20m], He's leaving our job and I want to tell him how I feel.
My [31m] girlfriend [27f] hangs out with her ex and it drives me crazy
My [34 M] GF [28 F] is developing a close relationship with a male co-worker, jealousy or red flags?
My (26M) Girlfriend (24F) wants to meet up with her Ex (24M) for “food and drinks” despite my objections. She insists there’s nothing wrong with it, am I being unreasonable?
My Boyfriend [30M] of 9 months broke up with me [24F] out of nowhere; He wants to remain friends but I don’t know if I can.
SOS my long term friend and crush is my exes best friend, what do I do?
My [23F] Friend [22F] Tries Making Out With Me, I'm Straight
i see my crush (14 F) at school alot but i dont have the courage to talk to her what do i do
Dad [50M] wants to divorce Mom [46F] for not finding a job. Mom seems to want me [21M] to be involved in convincing dad to not divorce her more than I am comfortable with.
Issues at work
talking
Am I [20F] overreacting over boyfriend's [21M] dishonesty?
Lake tahoe good place for me (16m) with 16f?
I 20/F tired with my sister 23/F who has been extremely controlling and self-righteous since we were young.
I (23f) am that girl that guys hate, because I keep going back to a guy who couldn't care less & hurts me. I don't know how to fix myself.
How to deal with Father (M40) trying to control me (M17) to the point where he is chesting up and trying to get physical.
I (18m) can’t stand my roommates (18m) gf (18f)
My girlfriend (18F) is turning into a different person and I (19M) am losing faith
Lake Tahoe? Nice place?
i (45 male) met my new colleague (30 female) at annual team company meeting last week. for sure some very nice chemistry there
I (25F) am super nervous about meeting up with my ex (27M) after 6 years without seeing each other. Cold feet!
My (23/F) mom (47/F) called the cops on me because I didn't answer her 5 texts, 20 calls, and 6 voicemails within a two hour span. I already told her I'd be out with a friend.
How/when did you know your relationship was over?
It has been a year since my wife [37f] has given me [44m] oral sex. She links it to me not buying her expensive presents.
Is it actually normal for people to stay in touch with their ex/s?
Want a divorce but made a “promise” I may not be able to keep
I (17/M) asked out my crush (18/F) and she friend zoned me. Do i still have a chance?
Selfie scandal
I [M29] met a young woman [F23] and we quickly became each other's best friend; the problem is she's a lesbian and we're having issues with our feelings towards each other, especially when we drink.
I [18 F] need advice about my boyfriend [19 M] and his female friend
Does my [26F] workfriend like me [31M]?
My Love Life in A Nutshell
I [44m] am increasingly frustrated with my wife's [37f] attitude towards oral sex
Gf [19/f] cheated on me [22/m] and threatened to kill herself if I broke up with her. What should I do?
My [f/23] mom [f/47] called the police because I didn't answer her 5 texts, 20 calls, and 6 voicemails within a two hour span. How do I set boundaries?
How does this guy(M19) feel about me(18F)?
I (17/M) asked out my friend (18/F) and she friend zoned me. Is it too late or can i still escape?
I want a divorce but “promised” to stay until he gets his permanent resident card/citizenship
I made a huge mistake. Help.
What should I do?
What if your gf cheered for the nfl
Boyfriend [29M] told me [23F] he slept with someone else after he broke up with me. Then he said he wasn't telling the truth.
Help Needed. Does she Like me or nah
Boyfriend has left me 4 times. I’m convinced he likes to hurt me, but I could be wrong. How can I move on for good?
Does it sound like I'm being an overbearing, bullyish husband? My wife (34 f) is timid and doesn't like saying "no" to me, and I (36 m) have asked her to have another baby multiple times now.
I’m depressed at college without anyone
Boyfriend (23 M) is constantly telling me (24 F) that he wants to be with me but then thinks I’m messing with his head
I’m depressed at college without anyone
Don’t settle on a relationship because you’re lonely
I'm [19 M] sick of long-distance with my girlfriend [17F] of 7 months.
Me ex-husband (26m) wants me (27f) to be his foundation during his recovery from depression and suicidal thoughts.
Don’t get into a relationship just because you’re lonely ..
What if your gf cheered for the nfl?
My S/O [23M] I [23F], can not see eye to eye nor go a day without petty arguments...
My [22M] roommate’s [30F] Great Dane won’t stop barking when she’s not around, and she doesn’t think it’s an issue
I(m16) am having issues trying to talk to a girl (f17) in my English class.
My boyfriend thinks I’m manipulating him when I haven’t been doing anything to him.
Best friend of nearly 10 years (M 27) kissed me (F 27) but he is taken
Tyyh
My boyfriend left me because I’m not virgin.. I’m so in love with him, I don’t know what to do, even thought I know he’s an asshole
Should I room with 2 women [26/F] and [23/F] or a guy [31/M] for a weekend trip?
[deleted by user]
My ex’s friends were hostile toward me when we met
Crush is “not interested in a relationship right now”
Would you be okay with your girlfriend being an nfl cheerleader?
My [18M] best friend [18F] defends her friend's racist comments towards myself because they are Black and I am White. I don't know what to do because I don't feel comfortable around her anymore.
My ex (26m) wants me (27f) to be his foundation to overcoming depression and suicidal thoughts.
I [28 M] asked a girl [24ish] out on a date and she suggested voting. What do you think?
GF [23F] and I [23M] Want to Move to the Same City, But Can't Decide Which One
My mother (37F) threatens suicide on a regular basis. I worry that this will negatively affect me (14M), my older brother (16M), and my younger brother (6M) negatively.
Ex boyfriends friends were hostile toward me when we met
[deleted by user]
I (22 F) just moved to a new city while my boyfriend (27 M) stayed in the house we both used to live in together, we're still together, and I'm getting a major crush on someone who is also taken??
Me [20/F] with my boyfriend [20/M] of 2.5 years has really troubling thoughts about our future and I don't know what to do
Me [23M] and my GF [23F] are long distance, looking to move to same city but can't decide where.
I (25F) am dating a wonderful guy (30M) but I feel like he has so much growing up to do and he wants to propose. There’s a lot I want him to change. Am I an awful person?
My [27/m] gf [29/f] showed intimate pictures of me to her friend while drunk and then lied about it
My [38 M] father might be a sociopath?
I don't think we can be friends
Me (17 F) want to let (17 M) guy know I like him or at least talk to him but don’t know how
Boyfriend (M28) regularly calls me dramatic. I don't think I am.
My mother (37F) threatens suicide on a regular basis. I worry that this will negatively affect my (14M), my older brother's (16M) and my little brother (6M) very negatively.
My dad is hurtful, any ways to cope?
If you broke up with someone, what would you do with their things: Keep it or Return it?
Found evidence of girlfriend cheating on me
Boyfriend is moving again, and wants me to join. 24F, 28M
I [M27] am interested in my flatmate's [M25] friend [F22]
I finally did it
Any pointers to help me (21M) break up with my (25F) gf of 2 years?
I [M18] and my ex [18F] what does it mean?
Self care
Can’t love
My [18F] friend and I [18M] got into an argument because of my lack of confidence and inability to just be chill around her without overthinking all of the time.
Me [34 M] with my ex [28 F] 3 years; I call it Friend (with benefits) zoned, and I'm confused. Should I try it out or run away?
I need advice on whether I [25F] was in the wrong with my sister [34F]
My (29F) long distance relationship is going nowhere and boyfriend (29M) doesn't see the problem.
Everytime the same story,i meet a girl start talking to her for a couple of months,we date,she’s the best thing in my life ...and all of a sudden i don’t feel anything ,i hate everything she does and i can’t wait to be single again,im scared that I’ll never be able to love(im 19 btw) HELP
My [27 f] husband [32m] was fired today. I don’t know how to help him.
Am I at fault?
At what point did you realize you were the toxic individual?
I (30M) started dating a girl (25F) a little over a month ago and I’m in my feels about some shit.
relationship help
My [28f] husband [32m] just got fired. He has always struggled with feeling like he isn’t good at anything.
Considering giving my(24) husband(30) the go ahead to sleep with other women while I am gone for a year.
My [21F] boyfriend [24M] has a baby with his ex and it has started to bother me
I [28 M] asked a girl [24ish] out on a date and she suggested voting. What do you think?
I (20f) and my boyfriend (18m) have been dating two years. We are going through a rough patch and he isn't in love with me anymore.
Still in contact with ex
Should I give her another chance..
Should I send a text..? Please Help
The "Spark"?
Am I being absolutely ridiculous? Please tell me. Also, have you fallen for someone else when you're already in love?
My [21F] boyfriend [24M] has a baby with his ex and it has started to bother me
The "Spark"?
What do you do if you realize you're an abusive 'Mr. Right' [M35] [F37]
My (22F) boyfriend (21M) has ADHD and it's driving me crazy
How to move on while being constantly reminded of her?
26 y/o F in desperate need of guy advice
Girl[23F] I'm [26M] falling for wants some time to think
What do you do if you realize you're an abusive 'Mr. Right' - [M35] [F37]
How should I [35/F] proceed in trying to form a friendship with him [33/M]?
My bf (39M) does the occasional recreational drugs and I (30F) don't. Can we work things out?
My [23M] GF [22F] doesn't make the same effort I make and it bothers me.
How does someone build confidence and become a lot more chill without being a maniac?
I (20f) can’t stop thinking that my bf(20m) will cheat on me
I (21 F) was someone’s first kiss and don’t know how to feel.
Help with my past Instagram activity while in a relationship
How to help with aggressive/controlling mother?
Wife (30f) of 5 years is busy/exhausted to the point where "doing something for herself" means she gets to actually schedule a doctor's appointment for herself when she's sick, as if that is a treat. How do I (30m) help?
My [27F] boyfriend [32M] and I are going to an out of state wedding this weekend. I want to use it as a way for us to connect too. Need advice
Me [21F] with BF [20M] of 10 months, can we temporarily be friends while remaining exclusive or is this crazy?
My [23M] girlfriend [22M] kissed an old friend on a trip and now wants to break up, how do I process this?
Communication failures with my [29/M] SO [33/F]
Wife (30f) is busy/exhausted to the point where "doing something for herself" means she gets to actually schedule a doctor's appointment for herself when she's sick, as if that is a treat. How do I (30m) help?
Getting Mixed Signals? What should i do in this situation?
Husband (31M) of ten years slapped me (32F) during an argument hard enough to leave a welt in front of kids.
[update] I (F, 25) was a bully during high school. Now my close friend (M, 25) is dating a girl (23, F) I used to be really mean towards. Should I apologize to her?
I [23F] have never been in a relationship or even on a date. There is finally someone [27M] who I've know ~1 year and would like to ask out. How do I do this without making our friendship/mutual friendships awkward?
Was I (33F) ghosted and blocked by a guy (42M) because I didn't put out on the second date?
Communication failures with my [29/M] SO [33/F]
My friend (22M) invited me (19F) out to the club and then ditched me
My [27F] boyfriend [32M] and I are going to an out of state wedding this weekend. Want to use it as a way for us to connect too. Need advice.
Husband(31M) of ten years slapped me(32F) during an argument. Thinks I should be trying to fix things two days later instead of being mad.
I (25F) feel like my bf (24M) is lying to me and gaslighting
Girl[23F] I'm [26M] falling for wants some time to think
I [23F] have never been in a relationship or even on a date. There is finally someone [27M] who I would like to ask out. How do I do this without making our friendship/mutual friendships awkward?
20sF, 30sM. One year relationship, he cheats on me with 3 different women
Is it good to be this honest?
He’s a misanthrope?
Am I 24M] wrong if I cancel a vacation with my female friend because I have feelings for her?
Is it best to be this honest when trying to get a relationship?
My girlfriends brother asked to borrow money from me and pleaded to keep it from my girlfriend, should I tell her?
He’s a misanthrope?
I (M20) am finding that my girlfriend (F21) is becoming an emotional burden on me, and I'm not sure what to do
What to do when you have a crush when in a commited relationship?
My Boyfriend [23M] and I [21F] are on a really long break but turned into FWB, what should I expect?
I [23F] don't know how to tell my parents [50s] I'm not Catholic.
Getting Mixed Signals? What should i do?
How to ask a girl out without sounding weird?
My girlfriend [F 19] consistently does things that she knows make me [M 18] mad
I [24 M] was ghosted by my married GF [39F] for what I think is the last time, and I don't know what to do.
Relationship tips that I learnt over the course of my life + shoutout to my amazing bf
Caught my dad (49 M) cheating on my mom (47 F)
I [21M] have fallen for my best friend [22F]
Best way to meet someone who wants a serious relationship? And how did you know they are really serious about you?
How can I [22 M] spice up a future conversation with a former crush [21 F]
Can this be saved?
Don’t settle for a relationship with anyone because you’re lonely ...
How do I [M18] rebuild girlfriend's [F18] confidence and make her feel desirable again?
Didn't go for the kiss and hugged her instead. Did I ruin everything?
Wits end
Hey im a guy and ive always wanted to be submissive in a relationship i wish i could know how to tepl a girl that
Need some real advice/help
Navigating my negative sexual history [27 F and 27 M, 10 months]
I [19M] recently started talking to a guy. We texted every day for like two weeks talking for hours. Went on first date good and said he wanted to go on another date when I asked him. I Asked him what date works for him and he told me he’s not looking for a serious relationship. Should I behisfriend
Getting Mixed Signals? What should I do in this situation?
Strained relationship with Father (M40), to the point where he tried to start a fist fight with me (M17)
I feel like a nobody, even some of my family treats me like crap at times.
Depressed milso
I [M21] have cheated numerous times on my girlfriend [F19] of a year since we have been together
Dating woman 45 with ptsd and depression
I (16F) told my crush (16M) that I like him. I don't know if his response means he likes me?
Social Media and Real Friends
I [23F] found out my boyfriend [29M] of 9 months was on Bumble and posted nudes on reddit. How do we move past this
I really don’t want to see my family anymore
How to cope with partner (32/M) with no desire for sex due to medications while I (25/M) have a high libido.
Was my (m23) idea of surprising a gift for my gf (f19) bad?
My boyfriend [both 18] of 4 years broke up with me over the phone, I feel like I need closure in person but might not get it...how to cope?
Why am i so sad?
Social Media & Real Friends or Lack Of
My (25F) boyfriend (25m) lies about talking to other girls
I [23F] found out my bf [29M] had downloaded bumble and posted nudes on Reddit. How do we move past this.
Depressed milso
My boyfriend never wants to have sex with me. Would love advice.
I (20f) am on a break with my bf (24m), I need some help
My [24M] girlfriend [26F] of 4 months, wants to end the relationship just because I hid the fact that I knew she was bisexual and has a secret girlfriend.
Am I [16F] being manipulative?
My [27F] bf [29M] of 9 years keeps making jokes when I say I feel bad about something, making me feel even worse.
How can I [22] spice up a future conversation with a former crush? [F21]
My (25F) boyfriend (25m) lies about talking to other girls
Depressed milso
I [28 M] am subject to some mockery at work. Feeling close to the breaking point.
Outside opinion: does this seem healthy?
Was this a good or bad idea?
I [24F] recently started seeing my very very very close friend [23M] after 9 years of friendship
I (17m) was in a kind of relationship with a girl (17f). But she was in love for another too (?? M). He said no. And now, can I try to go out with her?
Depressed milso
I (20F) cheated on my (23M) boyfriend and now I can’t stop thinking about the other guy.
is it ok if i ask him if i can go to his house for thanksgiving?
How to help my gf [21f] understand why I can't have sex [21m]
Can I say here to go out with me, even if the love another? (meh, look the text, the title is dumb) *clickbait*
How to cope with partner with no desire for sex due to medication while I have a high libido.
Why do I want a girlfriend?
Outside looking in: Does this seem like a healthy relationship?
My (30 f) dilemma with ex bf (26)
My boyfriend [25M] and I [22F] have had a rocky relationship the past year. He is now begging me to limit his Christmas gift to $50, and withdrawing from things we had planned together. I wonder if this is him preparing himself to break up with me.
My GF [27] and I [25] need advice after 5 years.
My [26 F] boyfriend [29 M] of 5 months cheated on me by sexually roleplaying with an online friend
My (23F) BF (23M) still has photos of his ex on fb, but only one of me.
I'm (26M) having a lot of difficulties with my girlfriend (23F) talking to her ex-boyfriend and maintaining a friendship with him.
My cousin's (55M) daughter (25F) is seeking my (50M) help with her career, I hate my cousin
My date [26f] told me [26m] a insecurity of hers on 3rd date and I would like to in return tell her mine.
Why do I want a girlfriend?
My [33F] extroverted friend [28F] keeps complimenting my "new" confidence and it's making feel really uncomfortable
Help. I dno what the fuck to do
Can I say here to go out with me, even if the love another? (meh, look the text, the title is dumb) *clickbait*
My [17] parents [40+] bought me a really epensive gaming PC for 1500$+ and i feel terrible about it
I [F19] need help with feelings of jealousy
I(22f) confessed to my childhood crush (22m)
My [18F] boyfriend [18M] of 4 years broke up with me over the phone and refuses to see me in person...
How many people met their long term significant other on Tinder?
How long do you wait to get married after being in a relationship?
My (18f) boyfriend (18m) still has photos of ex on social media, some revealing, am I being insecure?
I'm (26M) having a lot of difficulties with my girlfriend (23F) talking to her ex-boyfriend and maintaining a friendship with him.
My friend[21M] broke up with his girlfriend[24F] and is now in a deep sorrow state, how do I help him out?
My mother is trying to guilt trip me into going out of the country with her
I [29m] am unsure about the pace of communication with someone I meet IRL vs a dating app since dating isnt implied. Do you find things move slower because of this?
Hi does anyone want to talk ? I’m male 47 and lonely
Getting Calls From An Unknown Number- could it be my ex?
Honeymoon ideas please
Ex Girlfriend (21F) and I (22M) are working on things, but one hesitation of hers on getting back together is the judgement of others opinions. How do I navigate this?
Girlfriend (24F) has a hard time giving me (35M) solo time and is hurt when I address the issue
What do you do if you realize you're an abusive 'Mr. Right' [M35] [F37]
Need second opinions about a tough spot
My friend[21M] broke up with his girlfriend and is now in a deep sorrow state, how do I help him out?
Am I doomed for future serious relationships ? Help please
My (23/F) boyfriend (30/M) is going to Tokyo (dream destination) with two girls on Valentines Day
Why does this girl [21/F] always accuse me [22/F] of flirting with guys?
Bora Bora or Greece for a honeymoon or?
I’ve (26F) been seeing this guy (27M) for a bit over a month now and it’s my first proper relationship. I don’t know what I should do about birthy control.
Can’t tell if girl is being manipulative or not
Guys, help me
[UPDATE] I [21M] will be visiting some friends [Early20s M&F] in a few weeks. I'm worried a fight will ensue while I'm there over a promise I didn't fulfill.
Me [25 M] with my crush [22 F] of 2 years, have been on-again, off-again. I feel like She's the one and I should go after her.
I [21M] will be visiting some friends [Early20s M&F] in a few weeks. I'm worried a fight will ensue while I'm there over a promise I didn't fulfill.
My [22F] boyfriend [22M] of two years is breaking up with me because of my birth control.
My [18f] dad [63m] is stopping financial support because he doesn't believe I'm studying
How do I end a friendship with my annoying friend when she has anxiety and no friends but me?
Best Friend's Boyfriend [19] keeps talking to me [19 F] about his mental health issues and recently he told me he used to have a suicide pact with some of his (now dead) friends, I'm worried.
My [31M] girlfriend [27F] is constantly stressed about working out and cleaning
I think my [f19] boyfriend [m28] is trying to keep me away from my dying mother. I don't know what to do to get away from him
Me (25, M) and my crush (22, F) have wanted to be together, but something's always got in the way. Should I go for it?
21F 22M you may never see this...
What do you do if you realize you're an abusive 'Mr. Right' [M35] [F37]
I [24F] am nonexistent on my partner’s [28M] social media. Is that weird?
I (19f) broke up with him (19m) two years ago due to external factors. We’re still friends; should I give it another try?
Why are people in the community so jealous?
They [16M], [17M] talked about me in the most disgusting ways at school [15F]
How do I end a friendship with my highly annoying friend when she has major anxiety and no friends?
One of my best friends [25F] put in no effort for my [23F] birthday
My [25F] boyfriend [29M] is bored of me? Constantly playing video game.
My girlfriend had a nightmare.
To you... you will probably never see this.
Falling HARD For My Tour Director. Should I Speak Now or Forever Hold My Peace?
Between a rock and a hard place (my (20) dad (44) and my girlfriend (21))
My best friend broke up with her boyfriend.
Should I breakup with fiance [M28] over not ready to move back in together [F26]?
My [25F] boyfriend [29M] is more interested in his computer game than me?
What to do about argumentive male coworker at work?
Have you ever broken up with someone when you weren’t even going out? That’s exactly what’s happening with me right now
Have you ever confronted a friend who made you feel low, for whatever reason? If so, how did you do it and what were your results?
Mother wants co-counselling - I think it's a bad idea
[deleted by user]
I [24F] am nonexistent on my partner’s [28M] social media. Is that weird?
Help
Between a rock/my dad(44) and a hard place/my girlfriend (21)
Questions
Have you ever broken up with someone when you weren’t even going out? That’s exactly what’s happening to me now
My longtime crush (22m) sent me (21f) a video of a naked camgirl and claimed it was me.
This isn't related to dating but I feel it's the best place for it
I [23/M] love my SO [22/F] and we're steady, but can't feel satisfied sexually
I (19F) broke up with him (19M) two years ago for issues unrelated to the relationship, and every time we talk, I start to catch feelings again
Could I please get a females perspective. My [25 M] kind of ex girlfriend [22 F] is sending me mixed signals.
I (28f) have a stupid question about facebook, micro-cheating and him (30m)
My (31F) parents (71F, 73M) informed me that they have arranged to visit next May. I do not want to see them, nevermind have them stay with me.
25M 24F Intimacy and taboo
I (21M) have doubts about relationship with my gf (19F)
I [23/M] love my SO [22/F] and we're steady, but can't feel satisfied sexually
My [28F] coworker's [31F] neediness and immaturity has become overwhelming.
My (30 F) fiance (31 M) just got laid off. What should we do?
Open relationship? Is it possible to live together?
I (19f) have the urge to spite my boyfriend (20) for something he didn't do to me
Should I (20F) ask my live-in best friend (25M) to start doing chores?
25F never initiates texts to 25M, its always me
My (22F) ex boyfriend (21M) keeps trying to get with me and I’m scared.
Is this woman dating my ex? Why is it a secret lol?
Friend (26F) says I (26F) "did" something to her but won't say what.
My (30 F) fiance (31 M) just got laid off. Now what?
Cis straight WOMENS would you get into a relationship with a straight FTM stealth guy
Should I divorce? 24 (f)
My crush [24/F] has started acting really weird and it lead to a fight between me and her. Did I [23/M] just ruin things between us?
My (20f) self-described "good person" of a girlfriend (22f) isn't that good. I need some advice.
For people who aren’t good at texting, what are your thoughts on people who text you frequently? (23F)/25M (or anyone really)
I’m (F,44) thinking of leaving my BF (M,39) of 3 1/2 years
My ex (25m) randomly texted me (25f), it is messing with
He [20 M] is giving me [18 F] extremely bad vibes.
Cis straight WOMENS would you go into a relationship with a straight FTM stealth guy?
For all those future relationships
I [24f] dated a man [40m], not knowing he was married. His wife [??f] is demanding I repay the $6,200 he spent on me
[17M] Feel my friend [17M]’drifting away
I’m (f,44) thinking of leaving my BF (m,39) of 3 1/2 years
My ex (24 M) randomly texted me(26F) It is messing with me
Trusting someone loves you
Emotional cheating or overreacting?
breakup/new friends
I'm [17/M] in love with [15/F] and I feel weird about it
My [25M] boss [mid-40s? early-50s? M] is an emotionally volatile control freak and it is stressing everyone out.
Am I failing my partner by not giving her a dream wedding?
My boyfriend [36M] of 3 years and I [36F] got back together after I broke his heart. He expects me to bear the responsibility of rebuilding what we had but I think it’s still a two-way street. Am I wrong?
Am I wrong here?
STRAIGHT CIS WONENS would you data a straight FTM stealth guy?
My boyfriend (19M) doesn’t trust me (18F)
I’m (F,44) thinking of leaving my bf (M,39) of 3 1/2 years
Present ideas for Christmas for my (22f) boyfriend (23m) for our first Christmas together?
Getting my husband to see a marriage counselor
My GF (F/26) hasn't introduced me (m/27) to her friends or family in the 7 months we've been dating
Me a 16YO and a girl i like does she like me if she put her head on my shoulder?
Am I wrong here?
Do these feelings make me a bad person? I'm a 17 year old Male and i'm in love with a 15 year old Female.
My (f) husband is turning into a jerk because he's stressed out
[27M] A year later and still heartbroken. Should I try to date or let myself heal?
My friend likes the same guy I like
Help us (44 m, 43 f) get our son (17m) out of the alt right.
Me [28F] with my managers [20sF & 40sF]; am I being unreasonable in my expectations?
Am I (28M) just a rebound for her (29F)?
A girl [22F] who I helped years ago while she was in a difficult emotional position is infatuated with me [28M]. Would it be wrong to date her?
How do I (24f) tell my Christian parents about my LDR muslim bf (28m)
How to break the cycle of vanity?
My (25f) boyfriend (27m) keeps bringing up how all of his co-workers flirt with his female colleague (26f)
Boyfriend doesn’t trust me
My Daughter (23F) just had a baby. Her Husband (26M) cheated on her while she was pregnant. My wife (46F) wants me to be nice to him, Me (51M) has serious issues with him cheating. Should I be nice?
I (31F) got into an argument with my little sister's (22F) boyfriend (25M) and she is demanding that I apologize and says we need to have a serious "sister talk".
s/o dating your friends after you die?
My [22F] boyfriend’s [23F] career is most important to him right now and I’m not sure how to reconcile “you”, “me” and “us”?
I [22F] ruined my friendships with friends [22F] that got serious boyfriends
Me (27M) beginning to believe I love her (27f) more as a friend
I (31F) got into an argument with my little sister's (22F) boyfriend (25M) and she is demanding that I apologize and says we need to have a serious "sister talk".
I [f/20] broke up with my boyfriend [m/23] this time last year but I still miss him and I wonder if I did the right thing.
Ex GF of 2 years texted me again
I [18M] ‘broke up’ with a girl [18F] who I wasn’t dating and she’s crying. I feel like shit. What can I do to help her?
Me (36M), with my wife (35F), having issues with my family.
I [F/20] left my boyfriend of around a year [M/23] for what I thought was a very good reason, and although it has been a while, I do miss him. I wonder sometimes if I did the right thing!
I [25F] am worried for my BF's [28M] (potentially fiance's) health due to weight.. how do I address this?
My[~30M] wife[~30F] talks about me in her Facebook Dog group.
s/o dating your friends after you die?
Help the cops and my friends!
I [18M] “broke up” with someone [18F] I wasn’t not dating and I feel horrible about it.
I [27] don't know if I should break up with my girlfriend [25] who has mental health and eating disorder issues
I [20F] am considering moving to another city and leaving my boyfriend [25M] behind
(24F) I'm my Boyfriend's (34M) client
I think I crossed boundaries.
Worried that I [22f] May have herpes, how do I have this conversation with my LDR boyfriend [23m of 1 year].. I have not been unfaithful
Hey guys, I feel paranoid.
I (21M) have fallen for my best friend (22F)
Didn't pay for girlfriends groceries
Is my (20M) girlfriend (20F) being emotionally abused by her father?
Am I (F24) allowed to be upset over this?!
I [22f] showed my boyfriend [27m] my secret campsite, and asked him to not tell anyone. He told all his friends about it.
[27]m just started dating someone [27]f and I’m having a difficult time getting over her sexual history.
Is my (20M) girlfriend (20F) being emotionally abused by her father?
Dirty Past... But maybe not.
am I making the wrong decision in moving away for reference the people involved are my mom and dad(both in there 50s), my boyfriend(who is 20 and ftm), and me who is 21 and mtf
Me [23/F] with my mom [55/F] Trying to involve her in wedding planning. Couldn't seem less interested.
When’s it okay to leave someone on read?
My [38F] husband [40M] wants his son to live with us. I didn't knew the child existed until 3 days ago.
Me [20M], saw my ex SO today [20F], walking around with a hickey on her neck. It was too soon for me and it gave me hard anxiety.
(ex-)girlfriend [18] neglects relationship, want me[M18] back now.
How do I regain my trust in her and stop being so worried constantly?
s/o dating your friends after you die?
Just one of the many infuriating things...
Struggling with living with my (f/27) boyfriend (m/27)
Is it bad to want to be with someone that doesn’t use social media?
I [25F] think my boyfriend [27M] of 1 year is bisexual and I'm not sure how to approach him about it.
Girl [F27] befriends me [F23] because she’s in love with my boyfriend [M26]
I’m too deep with husband’s ex
Friends (27F/29M) Are interested in one another but live on opposite sides of the US(NY/Seattle)
I (f23) smoke weed everyday and my boyfriend (m30) doesn't know
Romance at work: a cautionary tale
Is online love real?
How to cool off opposite sex friendships in a polite way? (23F with 23M guys)
Girl [F27] becomes friends with me [F23] because she’s in love with my boyfriend [M26]
Boyfriend (28) is almost unable to show affection and saying things that making me uncomfortable (W25)
How can I work on regaining my trust in her?
Friends (27F/29M) are interested in one another but live on the opposite sides of the US (NY/SEATTLE)
Is it worth it to apologize years later?
I (f23) smoke weed everyday and my boyfriend (30) doesn't know
Girl becomes friends with me because she’s in love with my man
Guy I'm dating [23M] shows little physical interest in me [21F]. Should I ask him about it or just let it go?
What do I do? I am in love with a broken woman. We dated twice in the past 7 months. Both three month stints. She is the love of my life. I have never felt this way about another.
I [26F] recently got married and wonder if it was for the wrong reasons.
I was a stabilizing factor in my [21M] girlfriend's [21F] life. We broke up yesterday, but she's having difficult accepting that and I don't know how to get closure for either of us.
I (f23) smoke weed everyday and my boyfriend (m30) doesn't know.
I'm[22M] dont know if i should break up with ldr GF[21F]
Girl becomes friends with me because she’s in love with my boyfriend.
What do I do? I am in love with a broken woman. We dated twice in the past 7 months. Both three month stints. She is the love of my life. I have never felt this way about another.
I (25M) feel worthless after what my ex (25F) did after our breakup
My boyfriend (35m) is a loving, kind, patient saint of a person. I (32f) am very anxious and impatient and I snap at him too often - need advice on how to chill the heck out in times of stress.
Boyfriend [M] and I [F] are on a "really long break", now we're FWB. What should I do?
Worried about my [31M] BIL’s [34M] toddler son.
I was a stabilizing factor in my [21M] girlfriend's [21F] life. We broke up yesterday, but she's having difficult accepting that and I don't know how to get closure for either of us.
My boyfriend (22M) and I (24F) of over 4 months still have not had sex
[22M] Why can't I feel genuinely happy for female friends (but I want to) when they achieve something/do cool things while it isn't a problem with male friends?
Girlfriend neglected our relationship for about a month and want me back now.
I [M22] dont know whether to break up or not with ldr gf [F21]
I [22 M] am unable to feel emotionally or physically attracted to men my own age. Is there something wrong with me and if so how can I fix it?
Roommate (19F) blew smoke twice into my (20F) cats face, he has liver problems, gave a non apology
I (22M) just can't seem to forget my ex (21F) years after separation
I [23F] found out my boyfriend [26M] is still on Tinder
My (26F) Husband (28) seems to be completely consumed by his hobby
Me [29/m] recently single again, ready to surrender and give up...
Is it worth it to go on a date if I'm stressing because of it? (m22) (f21) (f20)
What do I do? I am in love with a broken woman. We dated twice in the past 7 months. Both three month stints. She is the love of my life. I have never felt this way about another.
Grandma (70/f) views me (25/f) as a horrible person for mundane reasons
My [20M] girlfriend [18F] "cheated" on me early in our relationship, I don't know how I should feel or if my emotions are warranted
My (19M) friend made out with a girl (18F) I (18M) was in a relationship with and I don’t know how to react.
I asked my old crush to block me to stop me from thinking about her
I'm [25/F] unfairly judgmental of my coworkers. I don't really know why. I want to change.
My[21F] mom [62F] snoops on my finances and I don't know how to tell her to stop
I want this girl back after messing things up by being too passive
I’m (26F) dealing with recent humiliation from my emotionally abusive ex (34m)
My (19m) best friend made out with (18f) girl I (18m) was in a relationship with and I don’t know how to feel.
Does anyone have experiences with controlling mother-in-laws?
My (25F) sister (22F) moved in with ME and now demands I quit smoking?
Am I [33M] being too hard-headed with GF [28F] ?
Male[25] looking for ways to stop being Emotionally dependent on Female[33]
I want her back
Am I [33M] being too hard-headed with GF [28F]
My [25 F] boyfriend [25 M] and his need for reassurance.
I [16M] have decided to break up whit my girlfriend [16F] after 1 and a half of relationship
How to get my boyfriend to be more open minded about sex and intimacy
Feeling lost and dont know how to proceed.
My (trans F/30) boyfriend (m/30) of over 1 year has been talking with another woman on fb messenger and i saw their messages...
Miss being single
I (F25) am pregnant have been dumped by my boyfriend (M33) looking for advice on where to go from here.
I (19M) had to say goodbye to my long distance girlfriend (18F) after a short visit and it's killing me
Feeling tired, stuck and not sure what I want.
A guy [22M] asked me[20F] out
Back from uni, trapped with a family which hates each other
My girlfriend [23F] has been texting an unsaved number. Should I [20M] be worried?
I (37f) am struggling with "for better or for worse" with him (37m)
Kinda at my (28F) wits end with my partner (30M) is couples counseling worth the time and money?
Need advice I (F25) am pregnant and got dumped by my boyfriend (M33)
Me [16M] have decided to break up whit my girlfriend [16F] but have no idea how to do it
My (25F) boyfriend (29M) said he couldn’t imagine a future with me.
Relationship goals
My father had a traumatic abusive childhood and has an outlook and values that I (36/f) dislike, but don't blame him for at all. How to insist that he treat me respectfully without humiliating him?
18 in need of attention
I [20 M] feel emotionally exhausted with my girlfriend [21 F] of 3 months, but don't want to push her away.
My (28M) Fiancée(29F) makes me want to postpone our engagement.
My [F22] housemate [F22] passively aggressively moved my school things from the breakfast bar to in front of my bedroom door. How do I address this?
Guy (25M) I’m dating (22F) flaked on plans with me, because of his roommate (25F)
My father had a traumatic abusive childhood and has an outlook and values that I (36/f) dislike, but don't blame him for at all. How to insist that he treat me respectfully without humiliating him?
My (29M) friend (30M) has exhausted me with his actions and I've become indifferent to him
Advising friend to end relationship abroad
One of my ex's hit me up... this is what happened (word for word)
My father had a traumatic abusive childhood and has an outlook and values that I (36/f) dislike, but don't blame him for at all. How to insist that he treat me respectfully without humiliating him?
A guy [22M] asked me [20F] out for lunch/ movie
My [F22] housemate [F22] moved my schoolwork from the kitchen counter to outside my bedroom door. How to address this?
Social Media, Trust, Microcheating? [31m] [21f]
breakup/new friends
I [24f] got pregnant by my [41m] boyfriend
In need of practical advice about frustrating conflict pattern between me (30s[F]) and husband (30s[M])
A guy asked you out for a movie or lunch
Me [46 M] with my wife [41 F] 1 year, get scared sometimes.
I [22f] regret begging my boyfriend [23m] to let me stay.
My (27) father (62) threw me under the bus because my trashy sister (26) uses her daughter as a weapon
Am I overreacting or is he actually a bit of a nob ?
I (28f) have decided to experiment with wearing no underwear most of the time. Husband (42m) of 1 year is freaking out about it. I say no matter my reason, it's none of his business. Thoughts? Solutions?
My (27) father (62)threw me under the bus because my trashy sister (26) uses her daughter as a weapon
I [30F] found out about my partners [34M] abusive past
I (21M) want to have a more serious relationship with a girl (20F) I’m pretty casual with, but im not sure if she wants to, so I don’t know how to bring it up
Free Classifieds in India
New roommate smells so strongly of pot smoke the whole house smells [20sF]
I [20M] am not sure whether or not I am ready to move on.
[19M] My younger brother [14M] just got his first girlfriend before me
We (21m and 20f) had a conversation about our sexual past. We felt shitty for the night, but now feel completely better. Is that normal?
I (20F) have weird feelings towards my coworker (21M)
How do I get over this crippling anxiety? Is it a complex I developed?
I [25F] seriously need some help because I am still having major insecurities over my husband's [32M] ex [28F]. How can I get past this??
My [29F] FWB [25M] is giving me mixed signals.
I (31M) is with depressive GF (27F), is it hopeless?
I [22F] cannot stop thinking that my boyfriend’s [25M] cheating on me.
I (20f) feel uncomfortable with my class project teammate (18-19m?) and don't know how to proceed.
How do I get over this crippling anxiety!? Is it a complex I developed?
Should I apologise?
Just found out my boyfriend tried to commit suicide and is not who I think he was.
I [ 18F ] don’t know how to go about this...
My husband [32] doesn't give me oral but I found out he did them for his ex
I [21 M] don't want anyone else other than my recently split ex [20 F] of 2 years
How do I [21/F] surprise/make it special for my mother [42/F] on her birthday tomorrow? It's 9 PM, I only have a few hours.
(25M) The girl I'm in love with (24F) is getting married to someone else so now I have officially given up on life and 0 people care how I feel.
How to end a good relationship?
Coparenting issues
Boyfriend (26m) upset after finding out I (20f) used to sell nudes to pay rent
I [ 18F ] don’t know how to go about this
My [20'sF] husband [20'sM] seems to be becoming increasingly moody and emotionally unwell. We were hoping to have children in the next few years, but I am feeling drained and nervous about our future as a couple.
My [23F] flatmate [30s?M] removed all my food and the shelf it was on from the fridge and has hidden it in his room. I tried to talk to him about it this morning but he slammed his door in my face.
Boyfriend is depressed
My husband [32] doesn't give me oral sex but I found out he did it for his ex
Would it be okay for me (F20) to ask my boyfriend (M20) for a promise ring?
Why can’t I[24M] stop thinking about my Ex [24F]?
My [25F] coworker [5?M] is ALWAYS sick and coughing and it's incredibly irritating
Met the most amazing girl of my life, everything was going perfect but then it started going downhill. I don’t want to hurt anymore, what should I do about the situation?
I [28F] don't know if this sex issue is workable with guy I'm dating [28M]- six weeks
Text break up- Fiancé
My [24,M] high school sweetheart [23,F] wants to leave her husband (my ex-best friend) for me.
Would it be wrong if I (F20) asked my boyfriend (M20) for a promise ring?
My (29M) girlfriend's (29F) brothers (27M, 25M) have serious video game addictions
My first real breakup
I (44M) think I am friend zoned with the woman (42F) I have been dating.
My (F18) boyfriend (M19) is depressed and its been difficult to deal with.
Should I [23M] go on a final date with GF [28F]?
Didn't pay for girlfriends groceries
My (F20) boyfriend (M20) told me he still loves his ex. What do I do?
Gay best friend (F21) is sometimes too dependent on me (F21) - LONG
Should I (57M) dump my GF (56F) cos she wouldn’t join me for hockey game and pushed me away when I tried to kiss her?
I dont get it...
I (27m) don't understand why my gf (31f) wants to speak so little in our LDR
Fiancé broke up in text
My bf (M19) is depressed and its been diffficult for me (F18) and our friends
Boyfriend (30M) believes sex isn't an intimate thing
Should I go on a final date?
How do I (25F) help my boyfriend (26M) be more confident and less clingy?
I [40/F] am being blamed for my father's [72/M] nonstop arguing and name-calling
I [23F] am not sure if I still love my boyfriend [24M] of 5 years
GF (56F) refuses to join me (57M) and pushes me away? WTF?
Best friend (F21) is sometimes too dependent on me (F21) (LONG)
I (20F) have trouble opening up to people
My [31m] Girlfriend [21f] Seems Shady At Best. This Seems To Be The Norm With Younger Women?
I need advice and help
We [27f] [23m] didn't determine the relationship. Now he resents me.
I(27f) need advice with a guy (27m) I have been seeing
Why does every great love crash and burn a horrible death?
I (25f) broke up with my bf (32 m) of 7 months yesterday for micro cheating and he's spreading lies.
Can I [25/M] give GF [24/F] an ultimatum after 3 months of dating?
Girlfriend says I molded her long post helps
Can someone help me (M28) better understand myself? Why do I move away from her (F28) caring about me? 2 weeks...
Me (19m) with my boyfriend (42m) of 1.5 years. He would like me to stop being friends with some of my friends.
How do I [28F] politely turn down my over-bearing coworker's [29M] invitation to hang out outside of work
I (15M) have a crush (16F) who is acting flirty and I want to ask her out but I don't know what to do
[23F] Please help me break this inertia.
I (18F) have a hard time approaching people and taking interest to them.
Is he (27/m) being weird or am I (28/f) just uptight?
Confusion
Why do so many great relationships fail?
Mom (58F) wants Me (25F) to move home following father's suicide
Too many great relationships end due to the many cold obstacles.
Gaslighting & recording conversations
[23F] Please help me break this inertia.
Girlfriend [22f] untagged herself from my [22m] relationship post on Facebook
The girl [25f] I [32m] was dating for two months just dumped me because I told her I was wondering if we could be exclusive.
Guess I (23m) just want to vent about an Aunt (39f) who can behave like a spoilt teen!
My girlfriend (21f) broke up with me overnight and don’t care anymore about me (23m)
me [M18] and ex [F18] im confused
Girlfriend [22f] untagged herself from my [22m] relationship on Facebook
Sexy Book
Does he (28M) feel bad for me (21F) b/c of the accident that happened? Is he using me? OR, does he actually love me and want to be with me? Because I sure as hell can't tell! HELP!!!
Think my gf [26F] of a month and a half cheated on me [31M]
I'm [27F] losing my best friend [27F]. What should I do?
Guess I (23m) just want to vent about an Aunt (39f) who can sometimes act like a spoilt child!
What is Cheating?
My (19F) boyfriend (22M) got drunk this weekend and acted very verbally abusive towards me in front of his family. I am receiving backlash for not 'smiling' or 'trying to be happy'.
My (F28) husband (M32) has no interest in intimacy. Need advice please
Therapists of Reddit; How do I (f22) approach friend (m22) who tries so hard to be fun to be around and is constantly shrugging off his real emotions?
I (26M) ruined relationship with my GF (23F) because of gaming/procrastination
I [M37] don't have friends and don't want any. This worries my wife [F40]. Is it okay to just not have friends?
I (23m) struggle with forgetting my girlfriend (21f)
To my love (love letter)
My (19F) boyfriend (22M) got drunk this weekend and acted very verbally abusive towards me in front of his family. I am receiving backlash for not 'smiling' or 'trying to be happy'.
What do I (47f) with a soulmate (41f) that is unavailable to me?
is it possible to stay good friends after breaking up?
Think my gf [26F] of a month and a half cheated on me [31M]
Do I (20M) leave my girlfriend (20f) when there’s been no cheating and we have to work closely together for the next year?
I (20m) love my girl (20f) with all my heart, but I always feel like I’m missing out.
What do I (47F) with a soulmate (41F) that is unavailable to me?
Found out my (28f) fiance (29m) was responding to Craigslist w4m ads, messaging a stripper, and communicating on the gonewild subreddit BEFORE we began dating and I don't know how to move past it.
I (20M) am jealous of my boyfriend‘s (22M) best friend (21F)
Do I (20M) stay or do I leave her? (20F) How do I decide when there hasn’t been an “event” to trigger a break up
I (M/20) am jealous of my boyfriend‘s (M/23) best friend (F/22).
Rape kink
I'm [21F] scared I might be leading on my boyfriend [23M] about wanting children
I [26M] am in love with my best friend [21F]
Sugar baby
Should I(21f) break up with my boyfriend(25) of almost 4years?
I have had a major crush on this girl for upwards of five years and dont know how to get over my feelings
I need help. Please.
I think I (23m) just caught boyfriend (29) cheating
Take the chance on the guy or on myself? (F32)
I (23m) Caught boyfriend(29) texting guy on snapchat
I [24F] have gone through quite a few breakups and been cheated on three times over the past year, and I think its because I am emotionally vulnerable. How do I get out of this?
Comments locked
My (26F) boyfriend (27M) wants to sleep with other people
I [24F] have gone through quite a few breakups and been cheated on three times over the past year, and I think its because I am emotionally vulnerable. How do I get out of this?
I don’t think My husbands (m34) ex-wife (f32) is over him.
My [28F] ex-husband [33M] thinks I'm unreasonable for restricting his access to my facebook
افكار لعشاء رومانسى مساء عيد الحب
Is my husbands ex wife still in love with him?
I (M18) think I have feelings for my best friend (F17)
I (F18) didn’t think he (M23) would tell me he loves me again.
Worried my ex (22M) will think I'm (22F) moving on too fast
Met the most amazing girl and everything was going perfectly then it all went downhill. I don’t want to hurt anymore, what should I do?
All my Friends are dead?
I hate that my fianceé watchs porn
The one thing I regret about that last time I was with them was was or is:
How can I [32M] "soft reboot" areas of my life that I want to improve?
After 4 years I think [25m and 23f] we're done. I need to talk to someone
brother [28M] cheated on wife [27F] now wants me [24M] to remove her from my life
Boyfriend [21M] flirted with a girl in front of me [20F].
brother [28M] cheated on his wife [27F], now wants me [24M] to remove her from my life [non-romantic]
Me (23f) with my first love (24m) communicating again after 2 and a half years
Meeting his mom
Our [25M] friend [26F] is addicted to Valium and we don't know what to do.
Vent [M16]
Meeting the Mom for the first time
Boyfriend (27M) wants to use Tinder to 'have options' (20F)
brother cheated on his wife, now wants me to remove her from my life
Is it unreasonable if I (19M) would want a partner who doesn't drink alcohol?
I didn’t think he would say he loves me again. I’m so fucking lucky.
My (21F) future MIL (40F) and SIL (15F) make me feel guilty for not wanting kids of my own
What is your opinion on alcohol use and is it unreasonable to want a partner who doesn't drink?
My GF(18) has not been responding to my(22) messages after something she went through.
Is she is cheating or am I overthinking things?
My (21F) future MIL (39F) and SIL (15F) make me feel guilty for not wanting kids of my own
Me (18M) misinterpreted my relationship with someone I was interested in (18f) and want closure
Why do i have a problem with monogamy? Is it wrong?
First kiss this weekend, super nervous
My (34f) wife rarely seems to ever tell me (27m) that she "had a good day"
Is he cheating on me?(f24)
My GF(18) has not been responding to my(22) messages after something she went through.
Hey you! ;)
Me (27m) dealing with financial difficulty because of (23f)
My (34f) wife rarely tells me (27m) she "had a good day" and I don't know how to help.
My partner [19F] has depression and im [23M] struggling to help her , any advice ?
I (23MtF) am confused by gf (29F)
How do I [28F] tell my BF [28M] how to compliment me better?
Advice for myself in dealing with partner with depression and her thoughts.
Girlfriend has bad sleep problems when I’m away, and I don’t know how to help
Intriguing people
I (M 21) am dating a girl (F 22) who enjoys smoking pot on occasion. My crippling anxiety causes me to panic about this.
Just got confirmation that girlfriend of three years is cheating with her cousin.
I [M/18] met this guy [M/18] during the summer and we were really good friends, but recently I find myself to be inexplicably irked by him.
what if i got preg: control pill after sex it it helpful??
Advice for partner / relationship depression
Trouble when travelling - Please help!
I (20F) am hopelessly in love with my TA (23M)
Trouble when travelling. Please help!
My girlfriend (F22) enjoys smoking pot on occasion, and my crippling anxiety makes me freak out about it.
Getting back with an ex
How do I help my boyfriend to be more confident and less clingy?
Its okay if my gf F 24 forbiddes me to speak with a friend of mine me 23M
I'm always the best friend but I'll never be someone else's best friend
I (m19) got wasted and ended up messing it up with a close friend (f19)
Its okay if my gf F(24) forbiddes me to speak with a female friend M(23)
I [22F] have no trust in my bf [33M], I want to bring this up to him and find a way to work on our relationship.
My girlfriends secret
I (m19) got wasted and really messed it up with a friend (f19)
Is there a song that makes you miss a once loved friend?
I have a feeling my (18) girlfriend (18) is cheating on me
Falling out of love?
Wife (31F) slept at friend’s house the night before I (30M) left for a long time.
Sometimes being in a marriage means you have to accept that your heart no longer skips a beat when you look at him. That he doesn’t look that special to you and that he’s become more and more predictable. You’re secretly okay with the fact that he will always be sort of disgusting but it’s okay.
I (m19) got really wasted and messed it up with (f19)
First kiss this weekend, need advice.
(21m)y long distance girlfriend of 2 years wants to get a (19f)uck buddy
A close friend (26F) talks to me 29(M) while she has a super jealous boyfriend. Mixed feelings and i think she likes me
My (38 F) bf (44M) has children in another country. He never answers the phone with them when I’m around. He doesn’t invite me when he visits his homeland. Am I crazy to think he’s hiding something or someone (his ex)?
GHẾ TẮM NẮNG HỒ BƠI NHỰA GIẢ MÂY
Should I trust him again? Don´t want him to break my heart again
Me (21/F) and the guy I've been seeing (22/M), 2 months, questions about compatibility and erectile dysfunction.
My (22M) girlfriend (24F) of almost 2 years was arrested for assaulting me. I bail her out and the very same day she starts talking with her ex
(21m)y long distance girlfriend of 2 years brought up getting a (19f)uckbuddy
Semi-poly relationship, bisexual/straight advice
Am I stupid for trusting my ex again?
My [23F] aunt [79F] just passed away unexpectedly and I haven't cried or felt much of anything
My [23F] close aunt [79F] passed away unexpectedly a few days ago. I haven't cried or felt much of anything. What's wrong with me?
I [28M] and longterm partner [27F] being pulled apart by my plans to work for Doctors without BordersRelationships
Getting cockblocked by my own nerves [23M]
Me [32M] is maybe going to see my ex at a concert [28F]. How do I prepare myself mentally, and what should I do if I see her ?
How concerned should I (27m) be about a hair I found on my gf's (37f) shower mat?
I [28M] and longterm partner [27F] being pulled apart by my plans to work for Doctors without Borders
Terminating pregnancy [24F] do I need to tell my partner [23M] in order to maintain a healthy relationship ?
Events from an ex relationship affecting current relationship
I[18M] miss my ex[16NG] so much
My [21 F] mother [50s F] always chooses my father [50s M] over me
Me(19) and GF(18) I’m so confused and need help
Can the fellas in this subreddit give me a male perspective? I posted in r/askmen but was not allowed.
My [23F] sister [9mo] is my world and I want to take care of her because her parents are drug addicts but I can't and I feel so heartbroken about it
I [27f] met a sketchy dude [27m] online. Surprise!
My (f/35) boyfriend (37) keeps mentioning his ex in conversations. How do I approach this without seeming jealous?
My [23F] sister [9mo] is my world and I want to adopt/take care of her because my mom can't take care of her. But it's not an option and I'm so heartbroken.
My best friend [21 F] of six years ghosted me [23 M] and after I lashed out, she told me she might have AVPD
My girlfriend (22F) is moving up in her job really fast because of luck, while I (22M) have an AA and cant seem to catch a break. She puts me down unknowingly and its getting really tiresome.
Me (19) and Gf(18) are in a weird situation..need help
I [27F] am in a happy relationship with my boyfriend [27M], but I am bisexual and worried that I am missing out.
Terminating a pregnancy, unsure if my partner needs to know.
My boyfriend’s obsession with video game streaming is getting in the way of us having a healthy relationship.
My (24F) best friend (24F) and my ex boyfriend (24M)
My (23f) girlfriend has a new friend and I don't know how I feel about him...
I [34m] am not sure how to feel about my relationship with my wife [34f]
A close friend (26F) talks to me 29(M) while she has a super jealous boyfriend. Mixed feelings and i think she likes me
Bf[22] not texting me[22] anymore.
Moving on Quickly.
I (18M) am friends with my ex (18 F), but have developed feeling for her again.
ROBOT VỆ SINH HỒ BƠI
Fed up with no affection
I (18F) cheated on my boyfriend (19M) 4 months ago, he's forgiven me, and I want to kill myself.
I'm 15 and I fucked up imo, I need help really bad, please
Is it okay to hide my[24M] bad feelings from my girlfriend[26F], and tell her at a later time? We are in a long distance relationship at the moment.
My (23M) Boyfriend won’t apologize to me (21F) about vulgar FB post
My first Reddit post!
FWB turned friendship?
45F about to begin a relationship with a 69M. What do I need to know?
I (18 M) am still friends with my ex but have feelings for her (18F)
I (19NB) am haunted by memories of my ex-best friend (20M) and long for him in a platonic (but very intense) way to the point of physical pain, even years after.
I fucked up bad and I need help please
I [20F] fell in love with my best friend [21M]
I (24F) think my 6 year relationship with my SO (28M) is done and I'm not sure how to go on
Second Choice Relationship?
[M20] in an open relationship [F20] and want opinions on why it's open
UPDATE: I [30F] caught my boyfriend [29M] cheating on me. I freaked out and now he’s calling my reaction abusive and threatening a restraining order. Did I overreact?
My (26F) boyfriend (28M) never wants to have sex with me
F (45) entering into a serious relationship with a M (69) after many years of friendship.
I [20F] fell in love with my best friend [21M]
Did I make a mistake breaking up with my bf?
First post here ever!!
Update: I [30F] caught my boyfriend [29M] cheating on me. I freaked out and now he’s calling my reaction abusive and threatening a restraining order. Did I overreact?
[Serious] Female, 45, entering into a serious relationship with a male, 69. What do I need to know?
My best friend (24F) and my ex boyfriend (24M)
Should I (18M) ask out my best friend (19F) that I’ve had since the first day of college?
What to do when my wife is constantly disappointed in me.
I [mid-20's M] haven't been in a relationship since college. I met a girl [mid-20's F] I'm really into, but getting mixed signals.
I am 28M she is 27F.
Me(19) and ex gf (18) situation
My (25/f) roommate (30s/F) is going through a breakup. How to help?
My [25/F] roommate [30s/F] is going through a breakup; not sure how to help
One week before the wedding
An ex who wouldn't leave me alone for months after the breakup texted me recently
My (26F) boyfriend (28M) never wants to sleep with me anymore
Me (19m) and ex gf (18) weird situation
Finish the statement: "I love my significant other/partner, but __________________."
Should I m(19) just forget about her f(17)?
Boyfriend's (M18) parents invited me (F18) on expensive family vacation. How do I approach finances?
How do I (20M) stay friends with my former FWB (20F) when I have a girlfriend (19F)? Should I tell her?
I [27f] met a guy online [27m] who turned out to be a liar.
Help ! My Girlfriend doesn’t accept my compliments.
Do you really ever fully get over your first love?
I’m [28m] planning on breaking up soon with my longterm girlfriend, [27f] but I simply don’t know how to.
I’m (17F) crushing on a boy (14F) who is my best friends brother and significantly younger than me.
I (15M) want to ask someone (15F) out, but we've dated and broken up several times before. What should I do?
I [21M] met this guy [24M] last week and not sure if we are moving way too fast
I think I have been (best) friend zoned is this true?
24 M struggling to see light at the end of the tunnel
Caught my dad cheating
How do I (20M) tell my girlfriend (20F) that I'm falling out of love with her?
I want to ask someone out, but we've dated and broken up several times. What should I do?
I [20M] am going to try my best to stop talking about others negatively behind their backs starting today!
Issues with my wife
Boyfriend's (M18) parents invited me (F18) on family vacation. How do I approach finances?
Am I overreacting/my PTSD or is this a problem? Husband grabbed my wrist.
I(26F) moved in with my bf(28M) and ever since he never wants to sleep with me
I (20f) feel like I am always in the wrong with family (20-40 f/m). I don't know what to do.
How can I (23f) break it off with my boyfriend (26m)
I caught my dad cheating
Boyfriend (24m) is moving and we are going separate ways, I (22f) have gotten news that complicated things
Against being in a relationship after bad breakup, but am tired of ending things with women that I get along with once the relationship talk comes up
My [23F] boyfriend [25M] will not discuss his faith and gets upset if I ask about his beliefs. I have no clue if he is still religious at all.
I developed feelings for a guy I met over Fortnite (long post)
[24f] how to tell a guy I don’t want to talk anymore
How to fix a relationship
Is my engagement (f23) to my boyfriend (m41) a mistake?
My friend (26f) is cheating on her husband (26m). He has no idea.
Girl posted picture with guy ive (20F) been talking to
How to do
I [24M] keep having nothing but bad luck with my love life for the past decade, and I'm starting to lose any hope that I will find someone to be in a relationship with.
Girl posted picture with guy ive(20F) been talking to
New friends
My (32m) father (56) stole my car and my housemate (64f) refuses to help the situation with a simple task.
Husband [27M] forgot our anniversary second year in a row!
My(22F) fiance(29M) of 4 years is a major mamas boy, and now I have sooo much resentment toward his mom(53F) BTW. We currently live with her, and yes he pays the rent himself. So she’s basically living with us.
I [20F] need perspective on a fight with dad [48M].
How long did your engagement last?
How can I [M19] make my SO [F18] feel beautiful and help her with her insecurities?
[20M]. About to be 21, am I in the minority for having literally no experience? Please give advice, I want to start dating but I don't know how.
GF (22f) of 3 years cheated and broke up with me (26f). I can't stop blaming myself for not having been honest with her
Black GF (24) with Indian Bf (28)... reluctant to post me on social media + doesn't invite me out with friends, family, co-workers. Help?
Sister (16F) is volatile, taking it out on mom (55F)
[20M]. About to be 21 yrs old, am I in the minority for literally having no experience? Please give advice, I want to start dating.
My [25f] boyfriend [29m] basically wants to hit it and quit it.
A guy I dated took me to a concert.
Bad Breakups and What To Do About Them
How can I shake my girlfriends fear of “not being good enough” for me?
Want to breakup
My [25F] roommate's [24F] boyfriend bought her a kitten without asking my permission
I (34M) need advice on going further with a girl(30F) that I meet online
Why is it so hard to move on...
Need advice. Got cheated on and now I'm pregnant (f26)
How to Leave a Toxic Relationship
How Do I [26M] Discipline My Girlfriend [24F]
I(15m, shut up Reddit) done messed up with a sweet girl(16f) I know.
I (17M) am in a relationship with a girl (16F) who seems to suffer from depression. What can I do to make her happy?
My(F25) boyfriend (M23) told me a girl made a pass at him. I don't think he was blameless in the events leading up to it. He claims naivete. What would you do?
Because of me, my girlfriend didn’t kill her self yesterday
Is it ok for A man to work part time, have one kid , rent and the usual bills. The woman stressed and the man just says (what else can we do) and he does nothing about it and plays xbox all the time.
Need advice. Got cheated on and got pregnant.
I [19M] am uncomfortable talking about sex with my gf [18F].
How to clarify "Getting Coffee" is a date? [18M] asking [19F]
I [20M} am going to try my best to stop talking about others behind their backs starting today!
Therapists of Reddit! How do I [F22] approach friend [M22] who feels the need to always be fun to be around and constantly shrugs off his real emotions?
Why though? Am I crazy?
"The talk" about past hookups w current partner?
Two people like me and I like both of them. What do I do?
we broke up because of instagram?
Coworker (50's) is eating everyone's (30-50) lunches!!
I (19F) think my boyfriend (19M) might be secretly gay or bi
I (20F) feel drained by my boyfriend (26M) whose mom recently passed away. Am I being selfish?
Do people every circle back around for actual relationships after almost rebounding with someone?
My (38M) wife (36F) thinks I'm a bad father because of something I said regarding our daughter.
I [F 25] met a great guy [M 26] but I don't feel a spark
Boyfriend(34M) lent money to a friend without consulting me(32F) first and I don't know how to feel about that.
My(25f) husband(25m) fails at the things he tries to do to to better our lives and then lies to me about it.
I(27F) am wondering if I’m too emotionally dependent on my fiancé(34M) and if so what I can do about it.
How to deal with uncertain but probable break up? [F26/M26]
How do I (28M) learn to deal with the anxiety when waiting for a woman to text back?
girlfriend (23F) broke up with me (23M) over lack of time, begins dating ex shorting after
[20/F] My best friend (19/F) tried cocaine because her boyfriend (23/M) is a recovering addict who relapsed.
[deleted by user]
my therapist told me "i think everyone wishes they had a better childhood" when i disclosed my trauma to her
Interracial relationship causes insecurity due to 1 REASON.
I [24F] am feeling jealous of a mutual coworker [21F] of my boyfriend [24M] and I.
How can I (25f) help my mother (45f) cope with possible miscarriage
How do I [21F] ask my coworker [20F] to hang out outside of work?
Coworker (50's) is eating everyone's lunches!!
I (23f) am having trouble talking to a guy (24m) from high school with mental disabilities who sort of started messaging me out of the blue.
girlfriend (22F) broke up with me (23M) over lack of time
Me (24m) and my girlfriend (23f) had a fight over a bachelorette night.
A guy from high school (24m) who has a mental disability started messaging me (23f) a little out of the blue and I’m having issues telling him about boundaries.
How do I learn to deal with the anxiety when waiting for a woman to text back?
my [20's f] therapist told me "everyone wishes they had a better childhood" when i disclosed my sexual assault to her
How can I ask my FWB [25M] why he doesn't want to date me [25F] without making it seem like I want to date him?
I [24/m] just went on a date/hangout(?) with a really great girl [24/f]. What should my next step be?
Me (24m) and my girlfriend (23f) of almost 4 years had a large fight over a stripper
Sexless relationship
Gf [21] gets mad every time I [21] refuse to sleep with her when we are drunk
How can I [26 M] persuade roommate [23 M] we should both move out?
The guy (25M) I (22F) recently started dating lives with a female roommate (25F) and went with her and his mom to a family members baby shower.
I (30,F) was sexually assaulted by my brother (34,M) when we were young. Now he has a daughter, should I tell his wife?
I think my boyfriend’s friend’s stole my phone
What should I say to my (23M) friend (23F) that’s depressed
Me [17 M] with my friend [15 F], not sure if I'm attracted to her.
SOMONE HELP ME PLEASE
Sexless Relationship
[25F] I'm starting to feel like I'm broken and incapable of living with others because I'm an introvert.
How can I [26 M] persuade roommate [23 M] we should both move out?
Parents (40) threw quite the show when they found I (21F) I went to a music festival for two days with my bf(22) and found out I was having sex.
Should I work things out or move on?
Gf has sudden wine and cheese night with new male friend, later listens to music in candle lit bedroom
How to successfully go from FWB to dating?
I (26F) am feeling confused about my FWB (27M).
I [29F] miss my relationship with my Dad [65M] of 29 years and am caused anxiety by his constant political lectures.
Move on or stay?
Female 25, judges bf past hard M 29.
My ex(F) wants to meet me(M) after 3 years.
Dilemma..
my [22m] GF [21f] had wine and cheese night with 3 week long friend
I [23F] need help telling my boyfriend [27M] of 1.5 years my concerns and frustrations without him feeling attacked.
Can I save this marriage?
I'm drawn to my mother's (40) ugly beliefs? How can I (17) fix myself...???
I [22/M] feel like I should just give up on finding someone.
My (21F) friend (22F) is dating the guy (23M) she previously said stalked/tried to assault her.
Me f26, keep comparing myself to boyfriend M31 exs
how to deal with my bf[28M]'s obsessive female friend?
I [29 F] have anxiety with my Dad's [65 M] constant political barrage. Our relationship sucks. Suggestions?
Trying to understand him [M26] [F26]
Confused about gf
I (25F) don't know how to handle things with my other half (27F) and just feel so lost.
MY (20M) Parents have been overly controlling of me and my vacations and I feel helpless.
Is an unhealthy anxious behavior too personal to share with a friend?
M26 F26 is this a similar story?
How can I [25F] show the guy I'm seeing [25M] that I'm having a good time?
I (33F) am not sure what to make of my BF's (27M) porn habits anymore and it's starting to really affect our relationship.
Is my girlfriend meaning to breakup with me ?
Need some advice
Am I (23/F) in the right to say that if one of my good friends (21/F) that I’m fighting with doesn’t like my fiancé, that that’s a dealbreaker for us to still be friends?
I [23F] need help telling my boyfriend [27M] of 1.5 years my concerns and frustrations without him feeling attacked.
My (26f) co-worker(25f) has tried replacing me in my family and is showing stalker like behaviors
advice from men?
I (20F) have feelings for my ex (25M) whose now my friends with benefits. He doesn’t feel and has says we aren’t compatible
Don’t Know If I (20M) Asked Her (19F) Too Fast or What...
[25F] feeling uneasy about his [29M]'s female friend due to questions about past.
NRB or No reason boner, wife doesnt believe me
I’m scared to tell my family I got engaged and I don’t know how long to leave it or how to go about it
My [24m] first ever real relationship, experiencing very serious but hard-to-nail-down anxiety
How do I (30 F) gain perspective of my own behaviour in my relationships?
Friend [F21] visiting me [M23] in another country. I liked her before I moved away, how to not make it awkward?
I (19f) am considering leaving my boyfriend (19m) for my best friend (19m)
Boyfriend (M30) and I (F24) have intense fights and we both want them to stop
How to deal with an extremely negative friend?
NRB or No Reason Boners
Fiance 30M left two months ago. I 27F need help processing my emotions.
I 21m got prescribed anxiety meds worried 20f is going to leave.
Close friends act weird towards my relationship and it bothers me.
How can I(24M) deal with the remorse I feel over an old relationship (25F) and should I try and get back?
Fiance 30M left two months ago. I 27F need to process my emotions.
BF wants to move our anniversary to another day because he doesn't feel like celebrating it
I (28f) am baffled by the response I got to “I love you” thirteen months in (29m)
Did I [34 M] cruelly mislead woman [28 F] I dated for two months before realizing I did not have a substantial connection with her?
I (23) The girl of my dreams (21) has a boyfriend
Love
My (26F) partner (33M) and I struggle with intimacy and I'm angry/frustrated/resentful/hopeless
I [28F] am conflicted about what my last sexual encounter [36M] said to me while doing the deed
How do you gain the right perspective about your own behaviour in a relationship?
I (22M) have a girlfriend (19F) who is leaving in 9 months to go back to Germany, is it worth it to continue this relationship?
Life
Insecurity in a complicated relationship
I’m conflicted....
Girl Advice what should i do??
How can I(24M) deal with the remorse I feel
[ 23/ F ] Hot sex with an old coworker turned friend .. oh and he has a gf
Karma
Did I [34 M] cruelly mislead woman [28 F] I dated for two months before realizing I did not have a substantial connection with her?
I'm a 25 yo male who never dated before because one of my biggest insecurities is my body
insecurity in a complicated relationship
Why does this keep happening
Being a cam girl filled a void.
My (40M) girlfriend (39F) is extremely upset with me when I told her I cheated on my ex girlfriend... when I was 22 years old, and a heroin addict. Not sure how to deal with this.
My boyfriend's [29M] ex/son's mother [28F] doesn't like me, she speaks badly about to me to their son [5M] and others. Should I [26F] reach out to her to leave it alone?
Can you really stay friends with an Ex?
I need help getting a girl
Did I [34 M] cruelly mislead woman [28 F] I dated for two months before realizing I did not have a substantial connection with her?
What is thissss???
[deleted by user]
I [20M} am going to try my best to stop talking about others behind their backs starting today!
Is This Girl [F17] Playing Games Or Is She Genuinely Interested? [M17]
M20 I feel like I'm not good enough for my girlfriend F19. We have been together for 2 years...
Unsure about the future with Me[M21] and now ex GF[F20] of 2.5 years
Is it weird that my [24M] friend [27F] keeps talking this way about us, I feel weird asking her.
How do I [19M] gently explain my ex [19F] I don't wish to remain friends, at least in the way she wants?
Should I let go of my friend based on our past?
Why do people say parenting ages people, yet all the people I know of with premature wrinkling are childless (not by choice)?
Spin the bottle. Cheating or no?
THE TEN LIES THE WORLD TELLS ABOUT RELATIONSHIPS AND MARRIAGES.
How old would you guess this person is? How many kids?
Husband (41m) of 10 years lied- should I (35f) be worried?
Wife [29f] admitted to me the real reason why she got married to me [31m]. Am I Overthinking things?
Falling for a guy friend, maybe mutual
Bf’s friends came over to my house with guns and handled them unsafely when we were all drunk.
Unsure of the future between me[M21] my GF[F20] of 2.5 years
A buddy [31M] of mine [31M] disappeared from my life for over a year and just now reappeared.
Does the guy [23M] I [22F] used to date just want to be friends or something more?
A buddy [31M] of mine [31M] disappeared from my life for over a year and just now reappeared.
[relationships] Me [21 M/F] with my ___ [00 M/F] duration, short-description;text
Relationships kill your happiness at a young age... go be a hoe -hoenest
I don’t know how to handle this...
Falling for a friend, maybe mutual
I (22F) am unsure whether my recently ex-SO (24M) wanted a break or to break up.
Does the guy [23M] I [22F] used to date just want to be friends or something more?
I [26] M Don't Know How To Discipline My Girlfriend [24] F of 2 Years
Nww
My GF[20] of 2.5 years said she needs space too focus on herself and school, what’s that mean for our future?
What's a creative, fun, wallet-friendly winter date?
Feelings for another girl (Somewhat complicated)
I'm in love with my brother Ex girlfriend.
I [M20] am brewing over the decision of breaking up with my girlfriend of 5 years [F21].
My (30f) boyfriend (34m) broke up with me after a year of problems... Should I try to salvage it?
My best friend's sister [14F] has thousands of photos of me [17M] saved, she might be stalking me and I don't know what to do..
I'm (23F) starting to feel completely unhappy with my fiancee (24M)
I love my boyfriend
Am I (28F) weird coz I don’t want to speak to bf (33M) on the phone while he’s shitting?!
M33 Feeling trapped and possibly manipulated by 32F.
21-year-old male struggling with something.
Friend [26m] changed a lot after his break up.
I'm in love with my brother Ex
Me [29 M] find a unicorn girl [26 F], we are dating and everything is going well, but I am late bloomer at getting my shit together. Will she (or any other girl) be able to accept as potential long-term partner.
(24F) Emotional Cynic with a straight head to Heartbroken and Love sick. What happened?
What can I do?
I (F20) spent the night at a guys house (M22), but when we cuddled he pulled his hips away from mine pretty noticeably
My [25F] boyfriend [28M] has made comments about my weight, but denies having a real issue with it. Am I just projecting?
Not together, but I want a relationship
Boyfriend [23M] of 3 years isn’t as intimate and won’t have sex with me [22F] for the past few months
My ex-gf [22F] and I [26M] moved separately to a different country and tried staying friends. Things have blown up.
My boyfriend [55m] broke up with me [43F]
20 year old male here who's struggling... Need some advice.
Is it wrong to want to seriously distance yourself [24F] with your mom [58F] because she committed credit fraud on you?
Me (24f) Struggling with guilt over ending toxic friendship with (23f)
My (32M) GF/Fiancee (35F) of 7.5 years moved a bunch of her stuff out while I took a nap
Me (30m) in love with my best friend (25F)
My [26 M] baby's nanny [50ish F] is asking to moe in with us. How to handle this?
What can I do?
(33M) feeling trapped and possibly manipulated by (32F)
Girl I’m seeing described the way she feels about me.
Cheated on girlfriend, and we decided to try to keep dating through it.
Crush on straight married man at work.
Boyfriend doesn't believe in evolution or the moon landing. I'm finding it hard to accept it.
M(19) trying to keep relationship together in college w/ F(18) girlfriend.
Me (24f) struggling to end toxic friendship with (23f)
NSFW - I [21 M] majorly fucked up with my girlfriend [23 F] in regards to period sex. Can I recover from this or not?
Girl I’m seeing described the way she feels about me.
I (31F) feel like my sexual needs come second to my boyfriend's (37M) preference for porn
Breaking up with boyfriend (24M) because he vandalized someone else's property?
I (M22) told long distance GF (F22) about post-grad plans that could mean us breaking up.
I (31F) feel like my sexual needs come second to my boyfriend's (37M) preference for porn
Breaking up with boyfriend (24M) because of vandalism/committing a crime?
Perks of being single? Me [23f] single for about six months now, in a relationship for 6 years. What positive things have you learned from being single?
I [20M] think my girlfriend [20F] is cute, not sexy
Crush on a straight and married co-worker.
I (26M) have been in a casual relationship with a coworker friend (27F), whose in a polyamorous relationship that I feel is unhealthy
Boyfriend doesn't believe in evolution or the moon landing. I'm finding it hard to accept it.
Perks of being single? Me [23f] single for 6 months now, wondering what others have learned while being single
I (23m) feel like I went too far last night with my gf(?) (20f)
My mom put this idea in my head that my [25F] boyfriend [24M] is going to eventually leave me.
Is my ex a narcissist?
My (25F) husband’s (26M) laziness and concept of time is driving me mad
Me [26F] - My sister [24F] and her BF [23M] and I all rent a house together. They're having issues. He now he has deleted ME from FB. It might affect my lease. What should I do?
CPS is dividing my relationsip
My girlfriend [17F] and I [19M] have out-of-sync libidos.
Currently I’m dating someone I am on the fence about. [24M] [24F]
When do you think it's normal to get touchy feely on a date?
Boyfriend [23M] of 3 years won’t have sex with me [22F] lately
How long after a breakup do you stop crying every time you masturbate?
A one off or fuck buddies? Us 24f/24m
2 Jobs
How to not be mad (27f) at my boyfriend (28m)?
A guy (24M) I've (25F) been seeing for 4 months has deleted all his social media and stopped messaging me and I'm unsure what to do
My (21M) coworker (18F) and I talked every day and acknowledged we liked each other, things seemed to be going good until out of nowhere she broke it off. Not sure what to do now.
Don’t know where to go from here
Family friend [33m] keeps asking me [28m] for money
When and how to break up when you live together in college?
25f with 28m 5 months, was this a bad way to end things?
My (24F) boyfriend and I (26M) haven’t had sex in 3 months
It’s not cheating because he said marriage is over.
Red flag..should i be worried
Physical Intimacy of My [28M] Relationship Not as Important to SO [26F]
Met my (20F) boyfriend's (18M) friends for the first time. It didn't go to plan and now I feel awful. What do I do?
How do I get over the feeling of being played and deceived? Possibly used for sex?
I'm (25F) tired of SO's (25M) love of partying.
How do I(47f) get over a love(41f) that isn’t available?
Question
[21M] My ex-girlfriend [21F] hooked up with one of my best friends [21M] who I confided in and I've spiraled back into depression. How to move forward in a healthy way?
My (19F) boyfriend (25F) of 7 months dated another person during the beginning of our relationship.
It’s my (our) anniversary, but I’m pretty sure he forgot, again.
Walking out of someone’s life. Me [25F] have initiated the process, my ex [25M] doesn’t expect it.
How do you enter relationships? What mindset do you have?
I (21M) feel totally incapable of starting a romantic relationship.
Abusive? I don’t see it...
21F dating 37M.
I [M 30] have reached the age of 30 and have never had a girlfriend before
I [33M] missed the birth of my child and I can't help but feel a lot of resentment toward my wife [31F]. I don't know how to move past it.
How do I get over an absolutely wonderful person where we share a connection but she is currently unavailable?
My girlfriend [18F] left me [17M] without a word.
My partner needs psychological help and I don't know how to approach this successfully.
I(22M) am in love with my best friend(22f) of almost 10 years. Ive been in love with her since I met her. How do I tell her Im in love with her without ruining our friendship if she isn't interested?
Are Relationships Always Fun?
I (21M) have cheated on my partner (21F) of 5 years multiple times. Don't know what to do.
A friend's friend touched me weirdly after me M[17] kissed my boyfriend M[24] while having a meal out.
I [F19] am struggling with a friendship/attraction I have for a friend [M21] that has become complicated because of his existing relationship.
I [25F] have become bizarrely irritable with my boyfriend [27M] over nothing. It's incredibly out of character for me. What's going on?
I (32 F) feel excluded around my longtime friends (32 F) and am not sure how to approach the topic as we plan our annual Christmas get-together.
How do I get over the feeling of being played and deceived? Used for sex?
I (21M) feel totally incapable of starting a romantic relationship.
I(22M) have been in love with my best friend(22F) for almost 10 years now, how do I break the friend zone without ruining the friendship if shes not interested?
Love hurts...
I [21M] am less attracted to my gf [20F] with each month because she lacks initiative
My girlfriend doesn't think I'm attractive
My girlfriend left me with no goodbye.
I need advice
I [21f] think my bf [37m] is up to something, maybe for a very long time. The catch is sometimes I get elaborately paranoid. How do I know if I'm being insecure?
I [21M] fucked up in my 4 year relationship with [21F] and need advice moving forward
I heard my(21f) husband (27m) say something that sounded off.
I (f16) suddenly have feelings for my best friend (M19) and idk how to feel about it [long]
Me 22M ex 18F and my two roomates
I [25F] have started getting irritable and moody with my boyfriend [27M] over nothing, which is really out of character for me. What's happening?
Did I let him take advantage of me?
I [27 M] was shot down by my [27 F] friend/crush. She still wants to be friends, unsure of how things should be.
(38m) In love with my friend (32f) The mixed messages are confusing me.
My (38f) daughter (3yo) just told me that her cousin (8f) tickled her private area while they were playing by themselves.
Me [25M] and my GF[25F] had a sleepover with her niece [5F] and nephew[10M]
My boyfriend blames me for our arguments and his name calling?
I (31, F) got friend (30, F) a high paying job; friend then royally screws me and tells me I'm being selfish.
I [28m] recently broke up with my (ex) partner [26f] of 10 years and am struggling
I [26M] need help.
My [20 M] best friend [20 F] and crush for about two years does not want to have contact with me anymore
Worried about my (23M) girlfriend's (23F) thoughts after my mental struggles
Me 22M and ex 18F AND 2 roommates.
Happy with my [F20] boyfriend [M22] but an occurrence at a party is making me question things.
My (38F) just-turned-three year old daughter told me today that her cousin (8 F) “tickled” her vagina when they were alone.
I (31, F) Got Friend (30, F) a very good, high paying job; she royally screwed me and now thinks I'm overreacting.
Should I [29f] marry my second cousin [40]m?
Just broke up with my girlfriend and having a really hard time dealing with things
I [16M] got rejected by a friend [16F] and now I'm starting to view other friend [16F] in a romantic way.
My (m17) best friend (f17) has started smoking weed and I am worried that she will start using more drugs.
I [28m] broke up with my partner [26f] of 10 years and am struggling
I [19 M] think I'm developing romantic feelings for my friend with benefits [19 F]
Nervous and worried at lack of communication (27f/30m)
Entering a relationship with 18F when I 19M can't afford to date?
My ex FWB still tries to contact me even after I’ve ignored him over and over again
I (17f) want to know if there’s a way to get him (18m) back?
This morning I [M20] received a romantic text from my manager [F20] that was meant for someone else.
My guy friend [22M] has photos of me [21F] on his iPad and iPhone. How do I talk to him about this?
How do I [29f] reach out to my friend [25f], she is saving for a wedding and the lack of funds is straining her relationship with her fiancee, and her other friends?
I [19 M] think I might be starting to like my Friends with Benefits [19 F] and I don't know what to do about it.
Nerves and self-doubt and anxiety. 27f /30m
I [23 F] am worried that me and my [26 F] year-long girlfriend aren't compatible for the long-term, but I really love her and my life wouldn't be the same without her.
I [23,F] can't tell if the guy I've been dating [31,M] is ghosting me or if I'm just being paranoid.
How can I (17f) get him (18m) back?
I [29m] barely gets to see my [24 f] gf
Me [25M] and my GF[25F] she had a sleepover with her nephew[10M] and niece[6F] and they were being rowdy in the morning.
Me [30s M] with my girlfrield [30s F], 3 years, I've just moved in and she doesn't own a toilet brush, how to approach this?
I (23 F) am interested in dating my ex friends (23 F) ex boyfriend (24 M) would it be wrong if I did?
I [23,F] can't tell if the guy I've been seeing [31,M] is ghosting me or if I'm just being paranoid.
Hello!
He lied.... about everything. He is not who he says he is
I [29m] barely get to see my [24f] gf
My (33F) boyfriend (34M) has basically dropped all responsibilities since his favorite game came out a bit over a week ago. Its not inconvenient for me but it really shows just how... childish he is, that he still cares THIS much about a video game. Am I crazy for thinking this is not normal?
Is it acceptable to only date people with university degrees?
I (f16) love my best friend (M19) but I feel bad about having hardcore feelings for him
How can I protect my 12 year old sister from neglect?
My girlfriend (16F) told me that she loves me in "a rom come kinda way" and I have no clue what she means
My girlfriend (16F) told me that she loves me in "a rom come kinda way" and I have no clue what she means
I (23 F) am interested in dating my ex friends (23 F) ex boyfriend (24 M) should I not?
I [29m] barely get to see my [24f] gf
I [23F] don't know if I am overreacting to BF's [25M] unemployment?
My wife (22F) wants to divorce me (23M). I feel like I'm drowning
My [F20] boyfriend [M23] makes a lot of 'sound effects'. How should I let him know how much it bothers me?
I [M 30] have reached the age of 30 and have never had a girlfriend before
My [F20] boyfriend [M23] makes a lot of 'sound effects'. Should I let him know how much it annoys me?
I (33M) ruined a friendship (28F) that randomly sprung up from Reddit
I (22F) feel like I need to have a "friend breakup" with a former college classmate (23M)
I (23 F) am interested in dating my ex friends (23 F) ex boyfriend (24 M) should I not?
My (25F) friends (25,26F) always talk only about themselves and I feel like a psychologist...
I think that my relationship is slowly dying, what should I do?
My (21f) mom (41f) gives my sister (23f) money but never gives me money
[deleted by user]
I [29 M] barely get to see my gf[24f]
Should I (22M) just give up on this friendship?
I (33M) ruined a friendship (28F) that randomly sprung up from Reddit
My relationship is slowly dying, what should I do?
How can i keep her intreasted [16F] [16M]
interested in dating my ex friends ex boyfriend? should I not?
My (21f) mom (41f) gives my sister (23f) money but not me
My (F27) sister refuses to clean up after herself and her (8m) child.
I’m getting a hoe craving
How can i keep her intreasted [16m]
I found out my (30f) fiancé (36m) is cheating and a compulsive liar. This is the 6th time. I am leaving, need to get it off my chest..
My (24M) overly-political passive aggressive classmate (22F) is starting to become more overtly antagonistic towards me.
My (21f) boyfriend (22m) just shared a lot of heavy baggage with me and I don't know what to do
Not sure if I (29f) should end my marriage or if my unhappiness is just normal.
I’m stuck in a love triangle [21 M] with my best friend [21 F] who I have feelings for and vice versa, but she’s got a boyfriend [M 31] hence the triangle
Is he (26M) just stringing me (25F) along, or is there actually hope?
Girlfriend (23F) feels like she's missing out on the experience of dating around
My (21f) boyfriend (22m) just shared a lot of heavy baggage on me and I don't know what to do.
My boyfriend [21M] and my family have never met because i’m uncomfortable around his family
Me [26 M] with some girl [22 F]; is there any way to ask for a second date?
My husband (35m) just found out about my (33f) affair. He's going nuts and is controlling everything I do. I need help!
How do you know if you are unhappy in a marriage or if it’s just normal? (F29)
Friend group [20s F] leave me [23F] out of events because an ex-friend[24F] feels uncomfortable around me
I [23M] am distant with my sister [19F].
Boundary troubles with MIL(50sF)
I’m (23/F) my boyfriend (24/M). Letting my boyfriend confess something to her first love.
Relationship advice
A buddy [25M] of mine [25M] jokingly slapped my girlfriend [24F]. I am outraged.
What to do when my wife (F22) says she loves me (M23) but isn't in love with me anymore?
I [25F] am not sure if I should talk to my friends [mid 20s Fs] about leaving me out.
Girlfriend (23F) feels like she's missing out on the experience of dating around.
I (31M) feel like my father (50sM) and his wife (60sF) don't take me or my feelings seriously. I don't know how to handle it.
Bf (19) called me F (19) a whore, bitch, etc. during an argument. He then proceeded to tell me that if I don’t get over it we’re done. I know this kind of behavior isn’t acceptable but I want to be with him so much. How can I get him to understand things regarding respect better?
The audacity of this bitch
Hi reddit family, I am currently living life but need to find a girl who I can fall in love with. I have some smiles of girls but can't get myself to ask them especially someone I just met. I'm turning 19 and need to find someone I can share my love with. #reddit #needhelp #world #men #advice
My (20M) brother (22M) is a drug user and I don't know how to talk to him anymore.
I [25M] keep pushing people away, why?
I [26 M] was bothered by my GFs [26 F] "friendly" behavior with another friend at a party. Am I wrong to be bothered?
Me[17F] talked to my ex [20M] about him following girls I know but he doesn’t. Am I overacting or do I have a right to be a bit creeped out?
Inquiry for a quick way to know a person on a deeper level
Father-in-Law (60sM) hugs me for too long and it makes me (30sF) uncomfortable.
I [26M] have sabotaged yet another perfectly fine friendship because I can't keep my romantic feelings separated from the rest
I (35m) and (31f) are caught in a revolving door of relationship ambiguity where she acts hot and cold
My (23f) friend (25m) is acting weird.
Me [29 M] with my Girlfriend [25 F] for over a year, and she has been flirting but I don't want it to ruin our relationship
Are you against PDA? Why or why not
I [26M] have sabotaged yet another perfectly fine friendship because I can't keep my romantic feelings separated from the rest.
My (37f) Bf(27m) of 7 years cant answer any questions about a future together.
Revolving door of mixed signals.
Me [35F] with my anger/rage at ??? for needing to change my diet. WHY?
Crazy situation I'm [35m] in with someone [27f] who might have mental issues?
I [18F] have a crush on my friend [25F]. What should I do?
My friend is creeping me out
My boyfriend [21M] broke up with me [20F] because he thinks I have a weird relationship with my coach [30sM]. I'm worried that he is right
Wife wants to be a stay at home mom
Concerned about my severe insecurities becoming obvious in my new relationship f(25) and m(29)
Are labels even necessary? Should we have the talk?
Best friend(m45) declares his love for me(f35), after a year of giving me mixed messages and rejections, and waiting until I've started a relationship with someone else(m42)...
One night stands just feel the same as masturbation to me (20M)?
I (18M) miss my ex girlfriend (20F) but im not sure if I want a relationship.
Boyfriend [20M] Doesn’t Show Passion or Ever Want Me (Sexually) [20F]
I have a friend that's creeping me out.
I (f 20) am crushing on my roommate (m 20) and don’t know if I should make a move
Just tell me I'm [35m] going survive this horrible person [27f]
bf(21) gets mad when i(19) don’t wanna have sex
Lacking needed comfort from SO (31M)
My [34F] fiance [29M] has a hang-up about our 5 year age difference - is this normal?
My (26M) girlfriend of 10 months (25F) has been spending more time with pigeon than me
Me [35F] with my anger/rage at ??? for needing to change my diet. WHY?
I miss my ex girlfriend but im not sure if I want to be with her.
I (19F) tried to tell my BF (22M) that I feel disconnected in our LDR and it blew up in my face
Is someone who is 59(f) too old to be with someone romantically who is 39(m)? Seems ok for guys but not women.
My gf (23yr) is freaking out on me
My fiance has a shitty temper
Lacking comfort i need from my SO
My [22F] boyfriend of 6 years [22M] no longer trusts me. How can I rebuild this trust and our relationship?
[29/F] My boyfriend [25/M] still gets anxiety about his ex. Should I be worried?
(17M) I need help explaining to my girlfriend that she is beautiful. (18F)
My (long distance) girlfriend is hiding things from me
I [22F] need help to finally meet this guy i've been talking to online
My (28F) SO (31M) is not very comforting during difficult time
My FWB (42M) wants me at his house while his family is away and I feel weird about it.
My FWB wants me to spend the weekend at his home while his family is away and I feel weird about it
My girlfriend [18 F] wants to go to prom with another guy.
My(28F) SO (31M) is not responding how i think he should
He bitches and complains about how I wash the clothes, then why doesn’t why he fucking do it
Boyfriend [22M] told me [22F] that one of his exes cuddled better.
Need help to finally meet this guy i've been talking to online
Fiancee [30F] broke up with me [33M] cause of hitting her 30's
I need help!! My gf used the Day after pill 2 times in 2 weeks and she freaking and stressing the f out
Inquiry for a quick way to know a person on a deeper level
My (23m) wife (23f) of less than a month has been having an affair for 3 months. I'm completely lost
[M30] struggerling not to look at exs social media [F25]. Heard shes seeing someome else and its hurting. Been in no contact for 3 months and was in a relationship for 4 years.
My [37F] Life Long Friend [37F] Humiliated Me by Crashing a Work Party and Being Rude.
Close Friend [27F] tried to sleep with my Married Brother [32M]
Things are going well...I think? To text or not to text
Am I being played? I have a bad feeling. [32F, 45M]
I [21M] made a mistake during oral sex with my girlfriend [18F] and i don’t know how to fix it.
21 (f) I kissed someone 21 (m) and our relationship had only been platonic. What should I do as far as talking to them about it?
My mom [36F] makes me [18F] do her homework and it's getting in the way of my other responsibilities. Am I unreasonable?
How do I [22F] break up with someone [27F] I've been dating without an "official" relationship?
This guy (17M) I’ve been talking to wants to get to know me (17F) better and meet up at a coffee shop. I don’t like him in a romantic way, so should I let him know this beforehand and just assume that he likes me? or should I not assume things? I don’t want to give him the wrong idea!
Close Friend [27f] tried to sleep with my Married Brother [32M]
Lost on what to do.
SO may be getting a place without me?
I [21M] made a mistake during oral sex with my girlfriend [18F] and i don’t know how to fix it.
Please convince me not to look at my exs (f25) social media. 3 months into a breakup and had no contact after she left me. Struggling today.
This guy (17M) who I’ve been talking to wants to meet up at a coffee shop w/ me (17F) to get to know me better. I think he likes me but I don’t like him THAT way back. I don’t want to assume he likes be though because I’ll sound too cocky. What do I do?
Lost on what to do.
I [27f] can’t stand my [29m] fiancée’s best friend [30m]. How do I deal with it?
21 (F) I kissed someone (21 M) recently and our relationship had been what I would describe as platonic. I am now freaking out at his reaction. What should I do?
I can’t stop thinking of my(20m) ex(21f).
I (26f) found texts between my husband (30m) and a coworker. When approached, my husband reveals that he no longer wants kids.
Boyfriend [26M] and I [25F] keep fighting about where to spend the holidays.
Me [24/M] Cancelled date on [21/F] would you have done the same?
Co-worker [30s F] wants a job-share with me [30s F] for a promotion I want for myself
Me [24/M] cancelled date, think I made the right decision but other views could be helpful.
My ex boyfriend is making my life a living hell (f19)
Toxic, manipulative relationship?
My friend lost her virginity through a dating app
My husband (30m) just told me (26f) that he doesn't want kids and has never wanted them. This is after I found texts between him and a coworker.
How do I (25M) squelch romantic feelings for a friend (26F) who is in a healthy long term relationship?
Co-worker [30sF] wants to go for a promotion as a job share with me [30s F]. How do I turn her down?
My boyfriend is terrible with money. How to have the money talk in a calm, productive way?
Inquiry for a quick way to know a person on a deeper level.
My best friend lost her virginity through a dating app
How to I (M18) deal with emotionally draining friend/sort-of-ex (F17)? I don't even really want to see her anymore...
Grandmother on a ventilator
What nickname do you have for your significant other and how did you come up with it?
I'm (25m) developing romantic feelings for a classmate friend (26f) who is in a long term relationship
I hate my partner
I (22M) think it’s time to end my relationship, but I’m not sure to make the right move
I need as many different view points on this issue as possible
My (13f) online boyfriend (16) repeatedly ignores me lmao
SO (31) hasn't considered me (31) in a life changing decision, just assumed I'm OK with, I'm not.
[M24] Too many losses taking its toll
I (22M) think I’m gonna leave my girlfriend (21F), I need advices
Is this a big enough red flag to just move on?
Help pls
My (22f) boyfriend (31m) has turned into a semi abusive jerk since taking adderall.
My boyfriend (M,15) and I (M,15) are traveling to Canada.
I (32F) am tired of my husband (33M) sleeping in every weekend.
I (18F) am trying to get my boyfriend (20M) back, who left me after being together for nearly 3 years due to trust.
30 yo M with pregnant wife, about to break up, because my brother is having a wedding when she is 32 weeks pregnant.
Help me with this.Can't think of anything other than this...
My (33F) boyfriend (34M) doesn’t want to move in together, I don’t want to be pushy but it’s bumming me out
My F(50) son(19) doesn't have any life goals, doesn't have any motivation to be better and blames all his shortcomings on his ADHD.
The guy [18/m] I'm [21/f] talking to slept with his teacher [36/f] before, what should I do?
I [29 m] am a sex addict who cheated on my ex [23 f] and I'm having trouble coping with the aftermath
My boyfriend (M,15) and me (M,15) are going to Canada. Any tips on what we should do?
33yo Married male, with pregnant wife about to break up because brother wedding is going to happen when she is 32 weeks pregnant
Girlfriend co-sleeps with 4 year old daughter and it makes me uncomfortable?
Telling my FWB that I'm actually a virgin
I [29 m] am a sex addict who cheated on my ex [23 f] and I'm having trouble coping with the aftermath
(M19) college student, dont know what to do with self
I’m best friends with my ex
Girlfriend co-sleeps with 4 year old daughter and it makes me uncomfortable?
Do I [21F] have a good reason to doubt his [21M] sudden change of heart?
I (27F) didn't take him (31M) back because it didn't feel right in my gut. Are gut feelings that reliable?
I[m] in urgent need of ideas for an important anniversary!
This girl (21f) has me (26m) at a loss for words, help would be appreciated
Too good to be true and others
Am I being unreasonable? Roommates age [20-22] dumpster fire below.
Does anyone else have someone in their life who literally never stops talking?
My (30M) long time girlfriend (26F) of 5 years told me out of the blue that she wants to move out temporarily. We were in a stable, happy relationship.
I (27F) have never had sex or a BF and think I want to, but I'm scared of STDs and HPV
I’m [18m] in love with this girl [18f] she has horrible depression and a bad eating disorder. She says she loves me but then she goes through bad periods of denying that she deserves me and she says she selfish then ignores me for weeks. It goes round in circles, I love her unconditionally. Help me.
My friend (17m) sent me (17f) a shirtless pic, and I don’t know if I’m overreacting.
Yes My Gf[ 26/ f] broke Up with me[25/M] but after grieving period I feel More Powerful and Productive .She was not worth my time and Now I realise there are 7.5 billion people on planet I am single Now.
Having trouble bringing myself to actually break up with girlfriend...
bf (25M) dumped me (22F), now won't stop talking to me?
My (30M) girlfriend(26F) of 5 years just told me she wants to move out for a while, out of the blue. Up until this point we were in an extremely happy and stable relationship.
I am completely torn to shreds me 18M & 18F Idon’t know how to help her, she is the only person I’ve ever loved or been attracted to.
My boyfriend [22/m] seems to think he has more freedom in his friendships with women than I [22/f] do with men because he’s “the less attractive one” and wouldn’t leave me
My boyfriend [26 M] got very drunk the other night, acted very strange and scared me [24 F].
I [28m] am meeting my significant others [36f] kid today
The most important person in my life (17F) just cut communication with me (17M).
I [28m] am meeting my significant others [36f] kid today
Me [19M] am not happy in the current state of my relationship
FWB relationship turned friendship
Age difference debate
Boyfriend stopped getting involved with anything that’s girls-related on the internet for my insecurities
Girlfriend [23F] broke up with me [29M]. Wants to maybe try again in six months after she fixes herself. Still wants to be friends and wants me in her life because she trusts me more than anyone. I said no to the friends part, but she's still reaching out. What do?
Screw up
Flatulent in Florida
Yes I broke Up She broke Up But Thanks To her I am more powerful and More Choosy.
I [19M] am not happy in the current state of my relationship
A New Beginning-How To Transform Your Lifestyle!
Age difference debate
30F and 25M, very close friends that hooked up, can we stay friends without benefits in the future?
My parents told me [17M] to not take my current relationship seriously, not because I'm young, but because I'm gay.
My (22f) boyfriend (31m) has turned into a borderline abusive jerk since taking adderall
Hurricane Jane
Facing divorce after husband (33M) cheated on me (29F) multiple times. We have two kids (8M and 6F) and as far as they knew we were the perfect family. How will we get through this? (xposted)
My[25f] boyfriend[27m] expects me to move to a non-English speaking country for him. He refused to live with me again and when we did it was awful. Am I right for thinking we just stick at relationships to make them work?
GF (26) is keeping secrets from me (27). I think its an affair.
Family and friends are unsupportive of a legal name change.
Can not cope with gfs sexual history
I(f26) can’t tell if I’m being unfair to my bf(m25) whose uncle died
I (24f) am in a long distance relationship with my boyfriend (24m) who says I am stressing him out
I (26f) can’t tell if I’m being unfair to my boyfriend(25m) whose uncle just died
I think my (26) GF is having an affair.
I feel betrayed by my [20M] special friend [21F] who i'm in love with and I need help coping with it.
{update} i {14M} with diabetes and social anxiety am struggling to talk to a {15M} also with diabetes
Husband won't stop with internet relationships
I[25f] feel like it’s my duty to stay with my boyfriend[27m] of 10 years even though I don’t feel happy or sure about things. I can’t forgive him for things in the past. Now he expects me to move country to live with him. I have no idea what to do or if what I’m feeling is normal.
Boyfriend stopped watching porn for me
Nice way to No Contact
I [34M] am having doubts about getting back together with my ex [44F]. Help!
My 22(f) boyfriend (25) of 2.5 years broke up with me and i dont understand. Advise please
My [20] Bf[20] ex keeps sending him their past sex videos and dirty messages to him
My (30F) FWB (28M) and I are not on the same page
I (28f) feel like I come second to my husband's (29m) brother(26m). Thinking of leaving.
Nice way to No Contact
Girlfriend (F16) doesn't want to tell her guy friend that her and I (M16) are in a relationship with each other
I moved abroad, how do I get past the cultural barrier in dating?
I'm (25M) struggling with an open relationship with a guy (22M) whilst staying at his and thinking to leave because of him seeing someone else.
About to get married I M36 have some issues with the approach F28 about the history
I (20m) trying chat to a girl (20f) from HS, didn't know she liked me not sure how to approach
Unresolvable difference in personality? Feel like relationship between me (M, mid-30s) and my wife (F, mid-30s) are doomed too fail from day 1.
My [25F] boyfriend [25M] may have kissed another woman [25F].
Unresolvable difference in personality? Feel like relationship between me (M, mid-30s) and my wife (F, mid-30s) are doomed to fail from day 1.
Me(18M) feeling used by a girl(18F)
Feels like bf [29M] and I [27F] have nothing to talk about, is this common in a LTR of 6 yrs or do we just not have anything in common
Me (18M), feeling used by a girl (18F).
My boyfriend and I argue a lot , almost every night
My [24f] boyfriend [29m] is making me question all my life choices. What do I do?
Me (Mid 20s/F) Living in a 2 year monogamous relationship with my poly (Mid 20s/M) boyfriend, afraid he'll change his mind
I (F21) found out that my boyfriend (M21) attempted to jack off to pics of a hot girl we met at a party
Unresolvable difference in personality? Feel like relationship between me (M, 37) and my wife (F, 37) are doomed too fail from day 1.
Gfs dead mum
I (21M) have been dreaming of an old friend and am thinking of cutting it off
Me [43 M] with my gf [46 F] 3 months, seeing possible emotional red flags.
Ex wants me back but had sex with someone else while we weren't together
My fiancé (M/28) doesn't value me (F/26). What do I do?
I snooped on my boyfriend's phone the day before we broke up. [Both 25, M, F] Our mutual friend (obvi more his friend than mine), was telling him that he should leave me. What do I do when I see her again?
What’s going on with me (F19) and this guy (M18)?
An online friend (18F) of mine (20M) has been missing for over a week, what do I think or do?
I (21M) am currently living with my girlfriend for about a year and have been haunted by dreams about a girl that I used to hang out with and am currently 500 miles away from.
Me [28F] with my bf [30M] of 1,5 years and his inappropriate friend (29f), am I out of line or is she being ridiculous? Please help
Ex wants me back but had sex with someone else while we weren't together
4:20am and I just broke up with my girlfriend of over 3 years. I need to talk..
I [15M] need help with the girl i like [15F]
I (22m) am dating a girl (22f). She's not very smart but I still want to make it work.
My [21F] bf [22M] just said that my sexual assault is only a big deal because I let it be one. How should I respond?
I [22F] broke up with red-flag boyfriend [25M], friends won't 'take sides' and still invite him to events
What’s going on with this guy?
My husbands entire family hates me and I don’t know what to do
(UPDATE) Me [19 M] and my GF [24 F] in secret relationship (now a month old), rumours forming, what do I do?
How do I (23F) gently break up with my LDR bf (23M) or should I stay in the relationship
My (20M) girlfriend (19F) smokes a lot of pot and it's affecting our relationship (1 year)
i’m (m20) having trouble moving past hurting my partners feelings (f20) even though she forgave me
Do we fight too often?
How to apologize for falling asleep during texting?
I[20F] am so beyond done with my sister[15F]
22F 23M he accuses me of cheating right before I'll fly 30 hours to move to him
Please help! Is this worth trying anymore? Im so tired. (19/F) with my (19/M) boyfriend.
Am I [36 F] a bad person? Guy [30 M] that I'm talking to online says that I am.
I've come to learn, when someone calls "mind games". They are the ones playing them
I am 28M she is 27F. Having worst issue on relationship and marriage
My [27 M] friend [25 F] had devastating marital problems, I tried helping, now she has huge emotional problems from the past, can I help? Long story
I've come to learn. The one calling "mind games", is the one playing them
I (F 24) want to end my relationship of almost four years with my boyfriend (M 27).
Relationship and marriage. I am 28M and she is 27F
My (24F) boyf (26M) is helping another girl who I don’t know of
It sucks to feel like you like them more than they like you
My (32F) youngest sister (16F) has a boyfriend (16M) and is trying to change into a boy and I need some advice
Am I overthinking this?
Me [18M] and my ex [18F] I want to get her back.
Am I overthinking this?
I(20m) dont know how to react to my girlfriend(20f) that asked for a break.
This is a relationship worth staying ?
My ex planted himself at my house and refuses to leave, he’s hoping I’ll “get used to him”
I (19f) am in a potentially toxic relationship with my wife (27f). Please help, I'm so scared.
I (26M) in love with my gf (28F) am looking for a respectable way to encourage her to start working out again..
(20M) Considering breaking up with girlfriend (20F), need insight
TL;DR- Ex Lied About Dating Again
I [F 21] tried being honest with my [F 22] “best friend” but response was really petty?
I think I want to leave my fiancée
I (f 19) think I'm in a toxic relationship with my wife (f 27). Please help. I'm so scared.
My boyfriend [26M] wants to break up with me [23F] over a sudden trip I'm making to attend my aunt's burial in another country.
Are there any parent/teacher love connections out there?
Ex Lied About Dating Again
Does anyone else hate cheaters ?
My [20M] gf [20F] went to a party without me because she finds me embarrassing.
What should I (23F) do about the mad shed man(50'sM) who lives in my sharehouse?
what does it mean if a girl
I (f24) want to try to fall back in love with my bf (m25)
Should I [20M] distance myself from my friend? [20F]
Having doubts about your partner? Lost your social media account ? This is for you.
Ex Lied About Dating Again
Relationship and marriage
I (m26) feel like i need to leave my gf (f26)
I [21 M] am confused and stuck between decisions on what to do with information I found out tonight | [20 F] [21 F]
My [M19] girlfriend [F18] often talks with my friends, but doesn't want me to talk with her friends
I (f24) want to try to fall back in love with my boyfriend (m25)
I (34M) am not sure of where I'm headed with a lady (30F) I met online 7 months ago
Ive recently realized don't know how to relationship (36f) - how does one learn?
I am ready to break up with my boyfriend (24F/24M)...but I'm not sure how
I (M26) feel like i need to leave my gf (f25)
Gf's sister taking money from mother and now family can't pay for electricity what to do as an outside source?
My (35m) GF (32F) and I have been on the rocks and I would welcome some advice.
How should I [27M] try asking out my childhood crush [28F] again?
Long post warning! I (34M) am not sure of where I'm headed with a lady (30F) I met online
(M19) Dont know what to do with myself
My (late 20's/F - queer) VERY new roommate (early 30's/F - "curious") is pushing to be VERY close, SOS
Am I [30F] being too pushy with my boyfriend [35M]?
Feel like I need to life delete my girlfriend but still want her to talk to?
Relationship and marriage
How do I [24/F] deal with my intense jealousy of my friends [23/F] relationship and perfect boyfriend [31/M]?
I [20F] have been 'dating' this guy [23M] since Jan/Feb. He says he doesn't want a girlfriend/relationship but still acts romantically. Major mixed signals. Details in post.
For my boyfriend who I know will see this
Feel like I need to life delete my girlfriend but still want her to talk to?
How can I not pressure her when she [19 F] is busy with school?
Help me! Am I jealous over nothing?
Feel like I need to life delete my girlfriend but still want her to talk to?
Gift advice for a M20-ies who likes jazz, blues, blue grass and classic rock?
I used to think I wouldn't cheat, but I'm beginning to think it's emotionally irresponsible to depend on one woman for sex and happiness.
Is this normal in a relationship? Need reality check.
Gf (26F) just broke up with me (31M) because she doesn't have time for a relationship of 1.5 yrs anymore and fell out of love. I now have to leave the country and start over. My dreams for our future and for myself is gone. (Warning: Long post)
Help with jealousy needed.
My [21F] friend's [48M] behavior is in a weird spot between friendly and flirty.
Relationship and marriage
I [16m] want to cut ties with friend [f sameish age] but don’t know how to without being an ass.
My [21F] friend's [46M] behavior is in a weird spot between friendly and flirty.
My [17M] friend [18F] who said she liked me and wanted to start dating me started hitting on my friend [18M] so I got a bit distant from her, am I in the wrong here?
[27F] Been dating a guy [24] but don't understand what he wants
Honeymoon Phase
I [26m] don’t know how often I should talk to people.
Weird relationship square thing going on
Suicidal friend (26m) needs cheering up
No name changes
How to tell FWB I'm actually a virgin
Depressed [21m] after breakup with [26f]. Asthma medicine made feel anxious about our future?
I need help getting a girl.
I did something shitty and now my girlfriend is acting way too open. Where do I draw the line?
My (19F) reflection on a toxic past relationship
Is this an appropriate thing for my fwb (23M) to say/ joke about?
You know she rocking wit you if she always answer the phone
Telling my FWB that I'm actually a virgin
Highschool relationship advice
How do you detach yourself from someone who makes shitty decisions in romantic relationships?
I (22F) got to third base with my friend (21M)
Is it nuts to ask my (25M) girlfriend (25F) for proof that she is where she says she is?
Weird relationship square going on
My boyfriend thinks I'm cheating
My ex boyfriend [23M] messaged me [19F] on Instagram apologizing of the shit he's done.
I [29M] Told My Wife [29F] I Didn't Want Her Hanging Out With a Male Friend Tonight. Am I Being Insecure?
Was my (22F) ex manager (50sF) a drug dealer?
A never winning battle
My girlfriend [24F] doesn't feel feminine next to me [27M] because she's "bigger."
My (31F) husband (29M) doesn’t want to have sex with me.
My (23F) husband (28M) ignoring my messages after fight
Loss & Idealization — “I’ll never find anyone like you”
(24F) dating a neurosurgery resident (26M) and need help!
Feel like the universe is testing me or I’m just a stupid ass
What if they love you, but not as much?
Was my (22F) ex manager (50sF) a drug dealer?
A friend [22M] of mine [25M] lies systematically about everything, don’t know to deal with it
My (23F) husband (28M) ignoring my messages after fight
Promiscuous men, what made you settle down? (29/F) dating (30/M)
My significant other [20f] does not understand why I [20m] can’t have sex
My (31F) husband (29M) doesn’t want to have sex with me.
UPDATE: "I (M/30) want to patch things up with female friend/colleague (F/30). Should I make first contact?"
I (F20) looking for someone to be with just hoping for single
[F26] Had a negative sexual experience with my bf several years ago, how do I bring it up now?
Am I [27/F] a selfish friend?
My (21) F girlfriend calls herself dumb because she scored lower on a IQ test than me and is being dead serious, is she basically calling me stupid (20) m
My (31F) husband (29M) doesn’t want to have sex with me.
UPDATE: I (M/30) want to patch things up with female friend/colleague (F/30). Should I make first contact?
I'm about to be in the same room with my father and I haven't been in the same room with him for 8 years.....
Am I [27/F] a selfish friend?
[F25] Breaking up w/ boyfriend [M24] over no call or text.
My (18F) father's (52M) relationship with sister (14F) is hurting the family
Not sure whether I [24F] should break up with BF [28M]
My girlfriend(20f) of two years broke up with me(21m) through a FaceTime call.
My ex (21M) wants to be with me (20F), but isn't ready for a relationship again just yet
I (23F) caught my dad (53M) cheating, now what?
My [25M] ex wife [25F] is dating someone I don't feel safe letting around our kids.
My bf 30/m of 2 months has become increasingly more needy and I 28/f is having second thoughts
My (18F) father's (52M) relationship with my sister (14F) is hurting the family
What to do for bf [25m] for Veterans Day
My GF[20f] of two years broke up with me[21m] tonight through a FaceTime call.
[18M] Can't handle people liking me in a romantically or friendly way.
I[24f] had lunch with sister[~35f] of current partner[35m]'s ex[~35]. Thoughts?
Gh
Help with an Ex
[18M] Can't handle people being interested in me romantically or friendly.
My (20F) boyfriend (20M) broke up with me after a 2-year relationship bc he doesn't think he loves me anymore...
My boyfriend fell out of love with me but wants to remain friends
Why can’t I trust men in a relationship?
My friend (M22) is a lonely, depressed, loser that drinks way too much. I really care about him and want to help him. What can I do?
I cheated on my girlfriend and don't know what to do
CPS is dividing my relationship
Me [32 M] with my buddy [32M] for a few years went on vacation and got ditched for a hookup
My partner (24) is suicidal and I don't know how to help them
I cheated on my girlfriend and I don't know what to do
My boyfriend(33) and I(25) hardly talk about anything, what are some interesting topics to talk about?
My (25F) mom (47F) can't be alone, is crawling back to the man (50sM) who destroyed her relationship with her son/my brother (21M) and terrorized her daughter/my sister (13F)
Gf (f21) goes to bars and clubs drinking and it makes me (f/22) super anxious
Am I wrong about ex wife?
I (M20) have been single for too long, and it's eating me.
I [21F] can’t get over a classmate [21M] who keeps sending me mixed signals
I'm. So. Confused.
I [25f] think i am falling out of love with my [26m] boyfriend but have developed strong feelings for an old friend [28m] who admitted they really liked me
My friend (M22) is lonely, depressed, drinks way too much, claims only a girlfriend will make his life better, and is starting to act like a total incel. How do I help him?
I am so happy!!!
I (45f) feel so alone in this world that I cling to a toxic relationship (43m) and don't know how to fix it.
She left me a month before the wedding
Netflix & Chill OR Netflix & Cuddle?
My boyfriend and I hardly talk about anything. What are some ways to maintain a good conversation and what are some interesting topics to talk about?
Me [26 M] with my [25 F] seems incompatible sexualyl
24 [M4F] - The kik boyfriend experience!
Girl I'm dating seems incompatible sexually
What's a good way to get past traumatic experiences and get into the 'dating field'?
I [21F] can’t stop stressing myself out over a classmate [21M]
I [20] need help on my sisters [26] feelings about our horrible despicable grandmother and then our dad. What can I do?
I [27M] have been dating a women who has a large following of fans and I honestly don't know how much longer I can tolerate her fanbase.
My ex-gf (17F) cheated on me (20M). I never had closure, should I "attempt" closure now?
I (F20) need help with my older sisters (20) feelings towards our horrible grandmother and then about our dad
How do I [27 m] get over her [20s f]?
My (21M) Best friend (20M) is sleeping with my ex (20F) in our house
GF says she wont do "x" thing and then she does it.
My girlfriend [22/F] vandalized someone's home and I [23/M] want to tell someone, but she has blackmail on me.
I am 24, have never had a girlfriend, and am starting to get worried it'll never happen.
Marriage and relationships
I needed your love more then you knew.
Attract Better Men | He's not texting back or calling? Here's why
My (35m) conservative parents (50's m/f) are intent on disowning my brother (30m) and kicking him out of family because they won't forgive him for being an independent pharmaceuticals sales professional
I (32F) suspect that my boyfriend (32M) slept w/ his best friend's girlfriend while we were on a break. Need advice
My boyfriend (24) is bipolar, and violent towards me (22) when manic. What to do?
I 24(f) cheated on the first man I fell in love with and now I can’t move on
My gf(19) doesn’t like me ‘going out’ and causes a fuss if I do things other than be with her.
Grandma (87) cut me (31/f) and my brother (35) out of her will....what now?
How do I [M/34] get over these feelings of sadness of not getting back together with my GF [F/44]?
